1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[6953,["500","static/chunks/500-b13bb91f5a6311b6.js","772","static/chunks/772-d840a7658edeaac1.js","638","static/chunks/app/(public-site)/presenter/%5Byear%5D/page-1322d47710b6555e.js"],"default"]
3:T4c2,This session is an attempt to not only offer some fresh approaches to time/goal management, but also to engage in a discussion about new ideas and look at some thought-provoking concepts for total life management, that are made possible by a holistic approach to web-based application development nowadays. 

We'll start by reviewing some classic approaches and theories for time and project management (GTD, books "The Time Trap", "One minute manager", etc), discussing goal-based time/project management and speculating about the future trends. 

Then we'll take a look at some popular web-based applications for time/goal/project management and compare them to several integrated, "all-in-one" solutions. 

At the end, we'll engage in a lively discussion on what the future for these approaches and applications will be and how to best use them. 

Some of the ideas/points will be quite controversial with far-reaching implications (security, privacy, etc), so be sure to arm yourself with some real-life questions, examples and concerns. Hopefully, we'll have an intellectually-stimulating discussion where everybody will learn something new and get a fresh perspective on how to make the most of their potential. 4:T4ac,Imagine your very own multi-purpose dwelling environment that adjusts to your needs throughout the day and over the course of your life, inspires you to fully unfold your potential and effectively works to maximize your well-being/performance.

The principles that are essential for software development (MVC, Service-based architecture, etc), when applied to urban design and architecture, can provide unparalleled flexibility, efficiency and ecological benefits for the places where we live, work and play. 

Learn about the effort to create, build and own the open-source modular, extendable, mobile, service-based architecture and homes, that are high-tech, eco-friendly, affordable and unique. We would also like to become a foundation for joining the efforts of Tempohousing, ContHouse.com, Quantified Self and others that work on future living technologies.

We welcome all visionaries, doers and innovators from a variety of future-living initiatives and industries (architecture, home automation, QS/preventive healthcare, design, etc) - to attend the presentation and learn about this exciting initiative and join our community. 

For more details, please visit http://futureLiving.info5:T526,Bob Zeidman is the president and founder of Zeidman Technologies where he invented the patented SynthOS™ program for automatically generating real-time software. He is considered a pioneer in the fields of analyzing and synthesizing software source code. 
Bob is a prolific writer and instructor, giving seminars at conferences around the world. Among his publications are numerous articles on engineering and business as well as five textbooks, Designing with FPGAs and CPLDs, Verilog Designer's Library, Introduction to Verilog, The Software IP Detective’s Handbook, and Just Enough Electronics to Impress Your Friends and Colleagues. He is also author of the award-winning novels The Amazing Adventure of Edward and Dr. Sprechtmachen, Horror Flick, and Good Intentions as well as the award-winning but as-yet unproduced screenplays Sex and Violence, The Amazing Adventure of Edward and Dr. Sprechtmachen, and Horror Flick.
Bob is the recipient of the 2010 Outstanding Engineer in a Specialized Field from the IEEE Santa Clara Valley Section for Innovative Contributions in the Area of Forensic Software Analysis. He holds numerous patents and earned two bachelor's degrees, in physics and electrical engineering, from Cornell University and a master's degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University. 6:T57b,Python is an agile object-oriented programming language that continues to build momentum. It can do everything Java, C/C++/C#, Ruby, PHP, and Perl can do, but it's also fun & intuitive! Enjoy coding as fast as you think with a simple yet robust syntax that encourages group collaboration. It is known for several popular web frameworks, including Django (Python's equivalent to Ruby on Rails), Pyramid, and web2py. There is also Google App Engine, where Python was the first supported runtime. Users supporting Zope, Plone, Trac, and Mailman will also benefit from knowing some Python. Python can do XML/ReST/XSLT, multithreading, SQL/databases, GUIs, hardcore math/science, Internet client/server systems & networking (heard of Twisted?), GIS/ESRI, QA/test, automation frameworks, plus system administration tasks too! On the education front, it's a great tool to teach programming with (especially those who have done Scratch or Tynker already) as well as a solid (first) language to learn for non-programmers and other technical staff. Finally, if Python doesn't do what you want, you can extend it in C/C++, Java, or C# (even VB.NET)! Have you noticed the huge growth in the number of jobs on Monster & Dice that list Python as a desired skill? Come find out why Google, Yahoo!, Disney, Cisco, YouTube, LinkedIn, Yelp, LucasFilm/ILM, Pixar, NASA, Ubuntu, Bank of America, and Red Hat all use Python!7:T594,The Google and Bing map services offer many predefined map, which one can simple past on to one web page or into one's application.

This presentation will focus on what to do when one of the predefined maps does not meet your needs either because the data you want to display is not available on a predefined map or the map's format or orientation does not meet your needs.

This presentation will cover four topics:

1. Uses of the overlay layers provided by WPF, Silverlight and Javascrip map controls to add you own annotation and display features to a map display.

2. Use of the Jason and XML interface provide by the Web base Bing and Google map servers to request the creation of custom map displays

3. The title based map element architecture used by the Web to store map data elements and how used web requests to acquire the title elements and assemble you own custom map displays. This approach is more complex that the first two; however it give the developer complex control over the map's appearance and format

4. The fourth topic concerns the relationship between the WCS-84 geographic coordinates system used by the Google and Bing map services and the state plan coordinates system commonly used by government, utilities and other for survey data, The presentation will include a discussion of available resources of converting location define in state plan coordinates into a location in WCS-84 coordinates
8:T5d6,This talk will cover wearables in regards to the integration of fashion and technology.  First we will explore the fashion industry, as a system for producing and distributing clothing and accessories.  Then the speaker will cover aspects of modernization & globalization including eco-innovation, crowdsourcing and pre-tailing. This section will end by offering “insider hints” highlighting how to collaborate with a fashion company.

Second we will cover advanced technologies used to build wearable fashion with an overview of MEMS (motion, position, environmental and capture) sensors and wireless (NFC, Bluetooth 4.0) connectivity used to build wearable fashion with code samples (iOS & Android) capturing physiological data. We will review of the current wearable market (eg. Nike Fuelband, Shine, Lark, Fitbit, Bodybug & Google - Glass / Moto / Ara).  This section will provide a real world example of placing Bluetooth 4.0 connected MEMS devices into a shoe which will lead to some surprising capabilities (telling us how to exercise properly).  This section will conclude by exploring this final thought.   “If it looks amazing and does not work well people will forgive but if it works great and it is ugly, no one will wear it.”

The talk will culminate by showing how these two industries will co-evolve and the different forms these collaborations can take. Their growth will now come from radically new products that combine the best that these two industries can offer. 
9:T4a8,Steve is a PaaS Dust Spreader (aka developer evangelist) with OpenShift. He goes around and shows off all the great work the OpenShift engineers do. He can teach you about PaaS with Java, Python, JavaScript, PostgrSteve is a Dad, Son, Partner, and PaaS Dust Spreader (aka developer evangelist) with OpenShift. He goes around and shows off all the great work the OpenShift engineers do. He can teach you about PaaS with Java, Python, PostgreSQL MongoDB, and some JavaScript. He has deep subject area expertise in GIS/Spatial, Statistics, and Ecology. He has spoken at over 50 conferences and done over 30 workshops including Monktoberfest, MongoNY, JavaOne, FOSS4G, CTIA, AjaxWorld, GeoWeb, Where2.0, and OSCON. Before OpenShift, Steve was a developer evangelist for LinkedIn, deCarta, and ESRI. Steve has a Ph.D. in Ecology from University of Connecticut. He likes building interesting applications and helping developers create great solutions.eSQL, & MongoDB, . He has 11 years programming & 19 years doing geospatial work. Before OpenShift, Steve was a developer evangelist for LinkedIn and deCarta. He likes building interesting applications and helping developers create great solutions.a:T5c5,My primary focus is working closely with important Enterprises and ISVs who can have a significant impact on Azure consumption. 

This means as I act primarily as a cloud architect, driving the technical agenda to understand a partner's current technology footprint and strategizing the technical path. 

White gloving strategically significant partners spans the technology spectrum:

-	Docker containers: Includes orchestration (Swarm, Mesos, DC/OS, Kubernetes)
-	Data and Analytics: Azure/Elastic Search, Big Data, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Map Reduce, Spark, Storm, R
Internet of Things: Injestion, Raspberry PI, On-Premise Connectivity, Pub/Sub, Queues/Messaging
-	Identity and Security: Active Directory, OAUTH, SSO, (Cloud & On-Premises)
-	Web and Mobile: Apps published in Windows Store, experience with iOS/Android. Web Services (Java/Jersey, .NET/MVC Web API) and client tooling (jQuery, Bootstrap)
-	Database: PostGres, MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, MongoDB, Cassandra, DocumentDB, Redis 
-	Networking: Point to Site, Site to Site, Gateways, VNETS, ExpressRoute, Layer 4/7 LBs
-	DevOps: Scripting provisioning and management of IaaS, PaaS (Node, Python, REST), CI/CD
Visual Studio, Eclipse in languages including JavaScript, C#, Java/Scala, C/C++, Node, PHP, Python, etc.

http://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/allthingscontainer
http://github.com/brunoterkaly
http://msdn.microsoft.com/brunoterkaly
MSDN Magazine, and have a published course on O'Reilly Media
b:T5c7,In this session you will start with a pile of hardware and build a working, cloud-enabled device from the ground up. 

Essential skills will be presented:
(1)Building the device from raw hardware 
(2)Writing software for the Raspberry PI and the Cloud 
(3)Mono and C# on the device
(4)Node.js in the cloud

We will also present “SmartDoor,” where we really roll up our sleeves, both from a hardware and software point of view and learn what it takes to truly embrace this new computing paradigm. To start, we will purchase and put together the raw hardware. But software rules the world, and that’s where a bulk of the presentation will focus. The code will need to be able to take a picture and upload it to the cloud. From there, a push notification will need to be sent to the appropriate mobile device(s), indicating that someone has pressed the doorbell, and that the photo is available.

What other capabilities with respect to CPU, memory, and storage?
What expansion boards are available and what purpose do they serve?
What type of programming tools are available?
What programming languages are supported in the device itself?
What role does the cloud play with respect to security?
Which networking connectivity solutions that should be considered for device-to-cloud communication?
How does the cloud help alleviate bandwidth challenges and minimize power consumption on the device?
What are the four patterns for device to cloud service message communication?
c:T438,We will start with the basics of Java Script and touch upon many of the new features in this language. We will then examine the two models of the Rubik's cube: first using object oriented programming and then using functional programming just to get a feel of these two techniques. We will also discuss some algorithms to find useful moves by simple search mechanism enhanced with Rubik's cube common sense. Join us if you are new to JavaScript, have interest in Rubik's cube or just want to have some fun with programming.
For those who attended this session last year, you will like the new features in Java Script and an introduction to Functional Programming.  I promise we will have some fun time with the Rubik’s cube too.

Presentation is available at https://github.com/krmanoj/CodeCamp/tree/master/2014/ppt .

   To download the eclipse project for Rubik's cube simulation, clone https://github.com/krmanoj/CodeCamp.git, and use 2014 version.

Open rubik.html in the browser to see the simulation.(2014/app/rc5/WebContent/rubik.html)

Contact me at kr_manoj@yahoo.com 
d:T4c1,The Java EE 7 platform focuses on Productivity and HTML5. JAX-RS 2 adds a new Client API to invoke the RESTful endpoints, allows asynchronous client/server, and server-side content negotiation. JMS 2 is undergoing a complete overhaul to align with improvements in the Java language. Long awaited Batch Processing API and Concurrency are now added to build applications using capabilities of the platform itself. Together these APIs allow you to be more productive by simplifying enterprise development.
WebSocket attempts to solve the issues and limitations of HTTP for real-time communication. A new API is added to build WebSocket driven applications. Processing JSON structures is inherent in any HTML5 applications and a new API to parse and generate JSON is being added to the platform. JavaServer Faces will add support for creating reusable flows and HTML5-friendly markup. There are several other improvements in this latest version of the platform.
The Java EE 7 platform was released last year. This talk will explain how to do Java EE 7 development using Eclipse. Don't miss out on this session to learn all about how to leverage the new and exciting standards in building your next enterprise application.e:T528, WildFly 8 (née JBoss Application Server) is Red Hat's open source Java
EE 7 compliant application server. It contains robust implementations
of WebSocket, Batch, JSON, Concurrency, JMS2, JAX-RS 2, CDI 1.1, and
all Java EE 7 technologies. Undertow is the new cutting-edge web
server in WildFly 8 and is designed for maximum throughput and
scalability, including environments with over a million connections.
The number of ports is reduced by multiplexing protocols over HTTP
using HTTP Upgrade.

Role Based Access Control support organizations with separated
management responsibilities and restrictions. Roles represent
different sets of permissions such as runtime operation execution,
configuration areas that can read or written, and the ability to audit
changes and manage users. In addition a new restricted audit log can
be enabled including the ability to offload to a secure syslog server.
It also provides a rich web-based administration console and a
powerful CLI for management. Multi instance cluster with high
availability can be easily created.

You don't even need to download WildFly in order to experience this
functionality. Applications can be directly deployed to OpenShift, Red
Hat's open source PaaS offering.

This session will provide an overview of all these features using
several live demos.f:T423,Alok Govil is a full-stack technology architect and entrepreneur spanning both software and hardware with specific expertise in natural language processing, neural networks, graph databases, computer vision, analog and digital circuit design, electronic displays, MEMS, and end-to-end systems engineering.

Starting programming at an early age of 11, he could program in machine code directly by 15 years of age.  He is currently bootstrapping a startup in natural language processing and artificial intelligence, and also working with Qualcomm as lead technology architect in computer vision, machine learning and circuit design.  Previously he was lead technology architect and project engineer for a multidisciplinary research program in electronic displays at Qualcomm.  He has authored eight technical papers including two book chapters.  He is recipient of a Gold Medal for being amongst top 25 students in India in National Standard Examination in Physics, 1994.  He holds masters in electrical engineering from University of Southern California (USC).10:T522,All Clean Code presentations provide great value by themselves, but taken together are designed to offer a holistic approach to successful software creation. This first session creates the foundation for the 2nd Clean Code presentation on Dependency Injection, as it explains expected base knowledge. 

Why writing Clean Code makes us more efficient Over the lifetime of a product, maintaining the product is actually one - if not the most - expensive area(s) of the overall product costs. The Craftsmanship session is exploring the often underestimated importance of clean execution of the coding part and its crucial impact to overall project success. Writing clean code can significantly lower these costs. 

However, writing clean code also makes you more efficient during the initial development time and results in more stable code. You will be presented design patterns and best practices which will make you write better and more easily maintainable code, seeing code in a holistic way. 

You will learn how to apply them by using an existing implementation as the starting point of the presentation. Finally, practices benefits are explained. 

This presentation is based on C# and Visual Studio 2013. However, the demonstrated patterns and practice can be applied to every other programming language too.11:T526,All Clean Code presentations provide great value by themselves, but taken together are designed to offer a holistic approach to successful software creation. This first session creates the foundation for the 2nd Clean Code presentation on Dependency Injection, as it explains expected base knowledge. 

Why writing Clean Code makes us more efficient Over the lifetime of a product, maintaining the product is actually one - if not the most - expensive area(s) of the overall product costs. The Craftsmanship session is exploring the often underestimated importance of clean execution of the coding part and its crucial impact to overall project success. 

We will dive into the basics of Inversion of Control (IOC) and Dependency Injection (DI) to review different ways of achieving decoupling, using and exploring both: Best Practices, Design and Anti Patterns. 

This presentation requires knowledge and understanding of basics like DRY, SoC, SRP, SOLID etc. which are building the base for decoupled architecture. However, we will start at the basics of DI and will work towards intermediate and advanced scenarios depending on the participating group. 

This presentation is based on C# and Visual Studio 2013. However, the demonstrated patterns and practice can be applied to every other programming language too.12:T40a,Surviving as a zombie is tough...  with the constant risks of sunlight, fire, and pesky mobs, doing your job of infecting the local villagers can be deadly.  Fortunately, with the new JavaFX ZombieTime app, powered by the JSR 310 Date and Time API, you can rest easy.  With built-in time zone and DST support you no longer have to worry about roaming around under the scorching hot sun.  Accurately calculate out how long you have to infect the villagers before you decompose using Durations.  And coordinate global attacks on the humans by syncing with your undead brethren on Instants.  With the power of Java 8, eradicating the human race with a highly infectious virus has never been easier!

This presentation is designed to teach Java Date and Time APIs to the undead, but the living are welcome to be our "guests".  You may also learn some JavaFX in the process -- that is entirely my fault.  Any correlation between the characters and events in this presentation and the impending extinction of mankind is purely coincidental.13:T4e6,<p>APIs have become a part of the product ecosystem - and help the businesses by extending their developer base, and offering seamless integration with other services or products. Sometimes, the APIs themselves are the product. However, with so many APIs around, patterns emerge. Patterns are repeatable, reusable solutions to commonly occurring problems. Where there are <i>patterns</i>, there are also <i>antipatterns</i>. </p>

<p>While APIs are not a new paradigm - there are no set standards or specifications formed by a committees or governing bodies for APIs. On top of this, the APIs are often built at various stages of the product, and have a good chance of being disjoint as more are added. In this talk I’ll discuss various antipatterns that creep into the API design and implementation, and how to identify and avoid them. I will also share my experience with building APIs at Netflix as a reference. </p>

<p>While the antipatterns do not pose as big a functional challenge, they can and do impact integration efforts, scalability and performance among other things. After my session, you should be able to get familiar with the best practices around solving the most common patterns, and make your engineers and API consumers happy!</p>14:T527,<p>Erik has been a passionate software professional for more than 15 years, subscribing to the idea that software is a craft, not an exact science.&#160; Launching his career in his native Amsterdam in 1999, he served as chief architect for a financial market data startup until it was acquired in 2006, designing and coding both a real-time European-wide IP distribution platform for stock quotes, as well as a stock and options trading platform.<u></u><u></u></p>

<p><u></u><u></u></p>

<p>In 2007 he co-founded a Palo-Alto, CA based online real-time video distribution startup and acquired his first patent. In a deliberate move back to more hands-on coding, Erik joined Atlassian in 2008 and relocated to its headquarters in Sydney, Australia. Initially working on FishEye and Crucible, he later worked on various cross-product integration projects and in 2010 joined the newly formed team to run Bitbucket after its acquisition.<u></u><u></u></p>

<p><u></u><u></u></p>

<p>Currently based out of San Francisco, CA Erik continues to work on Bitbucket as a senior ButBucket architect, with a special interest in large-scale scalability and performance challenges. His efforts in these areas have resulted in several successful open source projects, relied on by Bitbucket as well as many other sites out there.</p>15:T568,This tutorial is intended for developers and build engineers who are looking to migrate to Git or who are already using Git but feel that they're not getting the most out of their workflow.
During the presentation I'll cover:
-an introduction to Git, focusing on its numerous advantages over centralized version control systems as relates to collaborative workflows
-tips and tools for migrating to Git (focusing on the migration path from SVN)
-how to work with very large or long lived repositories
- the fundamental elements that comprise every good Git workflow, including:
feature branching
a discussion of rebasing in a team context (including why, when and how to use it)
automatic per-branch CI builds
pull request reviews with pre-merge quality checks
one click deployments to dogfood, staging and prod
a case study of how these elements are used to form Atlassian's SaaS workflows, that are used to continually deploy Bitbucket, HipChat and our other OnDemand offerings
Ideally, participants will run through some live Git exercises, some of which that will require internet access. Attendees should come with a laptop with a modern version of Git installed.
Participants will walk away with a deeper appreciation of Git's capabilities, the confidence to make the switch to Git, (if they haven't already), and the skills to architect a kick-ass Git workflow for their team.
16:T4ee,<p>Apache <a href="http://spark.apache.org/">Spark</a> is a fast distributed processing engine written in Scala with additional support for Java and Python.</p>

<p>The core data structure of Spark is a Resilient Distributed DataSet that provides fast and flexible in-memory processing yet with support for massive datasets and fault tolerance by running on top of Hadoop/HDFS (and lately additional scalable backends, notably Cassandra). </p>

<p>Spark includes several Modules on top of its Core: this talk will focus on Spark MLLib which is a machine learning library on top of Spark Core. MLLib leverages the memory-resident capabilities of Spark to enable fast implementations of iterative algorithms in ways that are not possible with traditional Map/Reduce on top of Hadoop. </p>

<p>This talk will briefly describe the Spark Core and MLLib architectures and then switch focus into the Scala language implementation of examples in the following areas: Classification Regression Clustering (If time allows: Collaborative Filtering and Feature Selection) Additionally SparkSQL will be briefly discussed and then used to examine some of the results. </p>

<p>This talk will assume working knowledge of scala functional programming methods and constructs.</p>17:T4b7,Ron Lichty has been managing and, more recently, consulting in managing software development and product organizations for over 25 years. Before that, as a programmer, he coded compiler code generators, was awarded patents for compression and security algorithms for embedded microcontroller devices, wrote 2 widely used programming texts, and developed the computer animation demo that Apple used to launch and sell a next-generation line of PCs. The primary focus of his consulting practice has mirrored what he did as a manager: untangling the knots in software development. As Ron Lichty Consulting, he takes on fractional Interim VP Engineering roles, trains teams and executives in scrum, transitions teams to agile, trains and coaches managers in managing software people and teams, and advises organizations and coaches teams to make their software development “hum.” His 450-page book, Managing the Unmanageable: Rules, Tools, and Insights for Managing Software People and Teams, was recently released as video training - LiveLessons: Managing Software People and Teams - both from Pearson and on O’Reilly’s Safari Network. He also co-authors the periodic Study of Product Team Performance.18:T5a5,How do you improve your product team's performance?
 <br /> <br />
As we propose this session, data from the 2014 Study of Product Team Performance is being analyzed, the third year that Actuation Consulting in association with leading industry associations in the product management, project management and engineering communities has conducted this study of the global factors that drive high performance product teams.
 <br /> <br />
<a href="http://actuationconsultingllc.com/whitepaper_request.php"target=_blank>The 2012 Study</a> revealed five practices that, if product teams do them, gives them a 67% likelihood of achieving high team performance. (Similarly, if they practice none of them, they'll have a miniscule 2% likelihood of achieving high team performance!).
 <br /> <br />
<a href="http://actuationconsultingllc.com/whitepaper_request_2013.php"target=_blank>The 2013 Study</a> revealed rapid growth in the number of teams becoming agile - and fascinating insight into development methods and practices teams believe improve their products' profitability.
 <br /> <br />
Study lead author Greg Geracie and co-author Ron Lichty will present key findings emerging from the 2014 global study of product team performance - as well as the 2012 study's five factors - and the 2013 study's guidance from teams on practices to improve profitability. 
 <br /> <br />
Join us and learn how you can improve your product team's performance!19:T5ba,<p>A common misconception about agile is that managers are unnecessary. After all, agile is based on self-organizing teams. If the teams organize themselves, what do managers do? </p>

<p>Unfortunately, most scrum training plays into that. Think about it: how many trainers or coaches have you seen sketch the structure of a scrum team with a drawing that includes a manager? While there's always a scrum master and a product owner, the core team and maybe some stakeholders, have you ever seen a manager in that drawing?&#160; </p>

<p>This misconception can be a problem all around: A frequently cited barrier to agile adoption is managers who don't know what to do when their teams become self-managing. When they're not included in training, how would they (or anyone else, for that matter) know how to characterize their role. At the same time, organizations often lay down expectations of managers, some compatible with agile, some not.&#160; </p>

<p>Agile has clearly shifted the old roles and responsibilities. Managers bent on command-and-control are clearly a barrier to agile adoption. But managers who take a hands-off approach or are treading water in a sea of ambiguity will almost certainly stymie adoption, as well. </p>

<p>Ron Lichty believes (and so do a lot of the early agile thought leaders) that managers have critical roles to play in enabling success, both of transitions to agile and of agile itself. This session is about those roles.</p>1a:T408,GameMaker Studio from YoYo Games is a game development tool easy enough for beginners to create games without coding, then proceed to learn programming with its scripting capabilities.   GameMaker Studio is also advanced enough for seasoned game developers to build games for desktops, web (HTML5),  and Android & iOS mobile devices.

In this hands-on tutorial, you will be introduced to GameMaker Studio drag and drop functionality to build an arcade game, with brief exposure to scripting.  In the process, you will learn how to create a "game plan", identifying the game assets and objects, and designing behaviors and interactions.  I will also mention the advantages of GameMaker over other game development environments such as Stencyl,  GameSalad, Construct 2, and Unity.

If you'd like to do the exercise, please  bring a Windows laptop or a Mac with Windows on a Virtual Machine or Bootcamp. Also, if possible, download and install the free GameMaker Studio Standard ahead of time (http://www.yoyogames.com/studio/download)1b:T498,Come learn about several useful design patterns we use to manage the communication between our clients and server.  We use these patterns to deliver "reactive" data changes from the server to the clients without the application developer needing to manually manage the data. While our server side is in Java, and our clients are in JavaScript and ActionScript, the paradigms we use are in no way bound to these technology choices.

We use a language-neutral definition of all object types (including data types allowed for each property) which is used to generate object type definitions in each language environment. We then provide a "notification system" which pushes changes to all objects and collections of objects to any interested client. The overhead to detect changes on the server is small, and all clients are up to date with changes on the server without needing to flood the server unnecessary "pulls".
Come learn about the pieces of technology we use to accomplish this, and understand how you could leverage these ideas in your own environment. Our JavaScript library, dxCoreData (built on top of BackBone.js), will be the primary client example we talk about.1c:T479,An introduction to the Message Queue NIC virtual link layer interface for QEMU based virtual machines. The mqnic interface provides a completely virtualized, high performance ethernet abstraction without requiring external IP infrastructure to support VM IP network routing and termination.
<br/>
Based on the ivshmem technology originally developed by Cam Macdonell
the mqnic drivers use zero copy vm<->host data transfers and the apache
message bus to provide low latency, high bandwidth IP support for
virtual data centers while simplifying the provisioning of hosted IP.
<br/>
The link layer transport virtualization is provided by the ActiveMQ message bus managed under the control of a host side server and is completely transparent to the data center IP infrastructure. This completely eliminates the need for specialized IT routing and termination infrastructure to support mqnic virtualized networks.
<br/>
Within the virtualized domains the mqnic virtualization is completely transparent. The mqnic driver appears as a standard ethernet device and is configured and managed using standard IP Linux services for termination and routing.1d:T45e,
Get Idea! Build a Product! Sell it!

We've all spent too many hours and too much damn money with this approach only to fail in the end.

Mark will teach you had to turn this "Conventional Engineer's Wisdom" on its head and build products that people will buy on day one. Many times, we engineers build features without ever talking to the customers and users who they benefit.

We'll start with the absolute basics: how to define your customer and discover what their true problem is. "But I don't have any customers or users!" you will say. You will learn how and where to find them and then how to engage them in meaningful conversation about their problems. Our goal? Build the right solution for the right customer and make them ultimately beg you for your solution.

Teaching with examples, Mark will share his specific experiences finding customers and how to talk to them. We'll run through several tools, tips and tricks Mark used to find success (after years of failing).

This is a unique opportunity to learn nuggets of Lean Startup wisdom from one of the Bay Area's most enthusiastic trainers and mentors.1e:T551,Steve teaches after-school, homeschool and weekend LEGO robotics classes, he runs a LEGO Robotics Day Camp each summer.  He has taught science classes to elementary school students in East Palo Alto schools, and teaches Java programing classes for Middle School students.  Steve began as a FIRST LEGO League robotics team coach in FLL's first season in 1999, and his FLL teams have won several awards.  Steve has helped organize many FLL, RoboGames, and other robotics competitions.  In 2006, Steve was a member of the Mindstorms Developers Program (MDP) and helped test the original LEGO Mindstorms NXT product before it was released.  He is a member of the Bay Area LEGO User Group (BayLUG) and helps with the annual Bricks by the Bay conference and public show.

Steve has a Magna Cum Laude degree in Computer Science from University of California, San Diego, and worked for years as a researcher and manager at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (PARC), where he did research and development in a variety of areas and received several software patents.

Steve's other favorite activities include Aikido, sailing, and digital video production.

Steve founded Robotics Learning to contribute to his vision of a world where people understand technology, work productively together, and use technology creatively and responsibly to improve the quality of life.1f:T4de,Jon has been programming in C++ for two and a half decades.

During the last twenty-five years he has written C++ for Amazon, Apple, Dow Chemical, Intuit, Lotus, Microsoft, Netscape, Sun, Yahoo! and a number of companies that you've not heard of.

Jon's current interest is developing his onsite training business. He has extensive experience with formal training and presentations on C++. Jon is an Approved Outside Training Vendor for Scott Meyers' training materials. For information on course content, dates, and rates, please contact "jon" at cpp.training. 

Jon has done formal training or presentations on C++ at ACCU-Silicon Valley, Altara, Apple, Amazon, Bloomberg, BMW, C++Now, CppCon, HTRI, Microsoft, New York C++ Developers' Group, Portland C++ Users Group, San Francisco C++ User Group, Silicon Valley Code Camp, and Societe Generale.

He taught C++ at the Golden Gate University graduate school for five semesters.

Jon's talk on Exception-Safe Coding won Best Tutorial at C++Now.

Jon has been given the Microsoft MVP award for Visual C++ for 2014 and 2015.

Jon is chair of CppCon, C++Now and the C++ Track for Silicon Valley Code Camp.

He serves on the Advisory Board for Undo Software and chairs the Boost Steering Committee.
20:T401,<p>Gayle Laakmann McDowell is the founder and CEO of CareerCup.com and the author of three books:</p>

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://www.amazon.com/dp/0984782850/" target="_blank">Cracking the Coding Interview</a> (Amazon.com's #1 best-selling interview book) </li>

  <li><a href="http://www.amazon.com/dp/0984782818" target="_blank">Cracking the PM Interview</a> (product manager) </li>

  <li><a href="http://www.amazon.com/dp/1118968085" target="_blank">Cracking the Tech Career</a> </li>
</ul>

<ul>She is an interview consultant, helping companies improve their interview process and coaching startups through acquisitions/<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acqui-hiring" target="_blank">acqui-hires</a>. She is also an interview prep instructor, hired by Facebook to teach an interview prep class for external software developer candidates.</ul>

<p>Gayle has worked as a Software Engineer for Google, Microsoft and Apple. She holds a BSE and MSE from UPenn in Computer Science, and an MBA from the Wharton School.</p>21:T4ce,In this presentation (and a live demonstration) you will see why Reactive Extensions (Rx) is a powerful technology for asynchronous stream processing. RTI Data Distribution Service (DDS) will be used as the source of data and as a communication channel for asynchronous data streams. On top of DDS, we'll use Rx to subscribe, observe, project, filter, aggregate, merge, zip, and correlate one or more data streams (Observables). The live demo will be very visual as bouncing shapes of different colors will be transformed in front of you using C# lambdas, Rx.NET, and LinqPad. You will also learn about the new Rx4DDS.NET library that integrates RTI DDS with Rx.NET. Rx and DDS are a great match because both are reactive. Rx is based on the subject-observer pattern, which is quite analogous to the publish-subscribe pattern of DDS. When used together they support distributed dataflows seamlessly. If time permits, we will touch upon advanced Rx concepts such as stream of streams (IGroupedObservable) and how it captures DDS "keyed topics". The DDS applications using Rx4DDS.NET dramatically simplify concurrency to the extent that it can be simply configured. Sounds too good to be true? Listen to the talk and watch the demo.22:T40f,
Chris Richardson is a developer and architect. He is a Java Champion, a JavaOne rock star and the author of POJOs in Action, which describes how to build enterprise Java applications with frameworks such as Spring and Hibernate. Chris was also the founder of the original CloudFoundry.com, an early Java PaaS for Amazon EC2. 

Today, he is a recognized thought leader in microservices and speaks regularly at international conferences. Chris is the creator of <a href="http://Microservices.io">Microservices.io</a>, a pattern language for microservices, and is writing the book <a href="https://www.manning.com/books/microservices-patterns">Microservice Patterns</a>, which is available as a Manning MEAP. He provides <a href="http://chrisrichardson.net/microserviceslanding.html">microservices consulting and training</a> to organizations that are adopting the microservice architecture and is working on his third startup <a href="http://eventuate.io/">Eventuate</a>, an application platform for developing transactional microservices. 23:T434,Troy Miles, aka the Rockncoder, is an award winning software developer, speaker, and author with over 37 years of professional experience. He is the author of the book, jQuery Essentials, numerous magazine articles and blog posts.

He began his career writing games in 6502 and x86 assembly for early computers like the Commodore 64, Apple II, and IBM PC. Along the way, he has twice won the game of the year award, fantastic reviews, and numerous accolades.

Nowadays he writes web & mobile apps for a Southern California-based automotive valuation and information company. He has hung up is assembly language hat, but is fluent in JavaScript, C#, C++, Java, Kotlin, and Clojure.

Nights and weekends he can usually be found writing cool apps for mobile and the web or teaching other developers how to do so. Troy has spoken at Velocity, MobileWeb Dev Con, Mobile Dev+Test, and NG-Vegas. He is also a regular speaker at the SoCal and Silicon Valley Code Camps plus in front of local developer groups all over Southern California. Many of his talks are on his YouTube channel.24:T4e1,This course consists of a survey of the key principles of security labels and markings, an overview of data models to support a labeling approach to row- and column-level security, and specific considerations for implementing a row- and/or column-level security model within the Microsoft SQL Server framework.  The course also features an in-depth live demonstration of the architecture and principles at work.
We begin with trying to establish a clear functional definition of row-level security, and an examination of real-world contexts which either demand or benefit from such a model.  
We then discuss the various kinds of requirements that can impact level of complexity of a particular solution.  This leads us into developing a database model that supports the standard superset of likely use-cases.  We’ll start with the simplest possible implementation and then discuss the addition of layers of complexity such as the classic “Top Secret / Confidential / Classified / UnClassified” hierarchies, and other approaches to access.
Finally, we’ll connect to a live Microsoft SQL Server database with many of these principles implemented, and conduct several tests and demonstrations which illustrate how to implement the principles.
25:T579,So you have a great product, have found some customers, and are ready to be wildly successful?  This session will take an in-depth look at some of the key challenges facing entrepreneurs whose products and services are starting to sell, and who are experiencing rapidly-expanding growth.  The goal of the session is to leaving you asking the right questions of the right people so you can set up appropriate, scalable business processes BEFORE your well-deserved growth turns into months-on-end of business-process fire-fighting and sleepless nights, especially for your CFO and CEO.  You’d rather get back to innovating, so why not set yourself up for graceful growth from the beginning?
We’ll examine common systems growing companies need such as quote-to-cash pipeline, revenue recognition and revenue forecasting, to name a few.  We’ll discuss the usual causes of problem faced by these systems, and take a look at additional problems associated with those same causes.  Then we’ll discuss data and system planning and architecture methodologies that can help you grapple with these challenges, ideally before they even occur, so that your path to success can be smoother, swifter and much more profitable.
Along the way we’ll discuss requirements-gathering, product- and customer-to-business-process matrices, data integration concerns, and actual business process and workflow design.
26:T4fc,AngularJS has changed the way we think about web-development. This session is for programmers interested in using AngularJS seriously and will focus on three patterns of usage: multi-page, single page, and legacy applications. Multi-page applications follow a straight-forward MVC paradigm. Single-page applications with lots of interactions are much more complex, and require the use of nested directives. Legacy applications are those where you can only use Angular in some portions of an existing web application. This requires thoughtful data passing to make your Angular widgets work. In addition, keeping domain logic modular is a challenge, and we will show how we use Typescript to do this. We will also show examples of code before and after Angularizing them, in particular, comparing it to Backbone. If you have never seen AngularJS in action, we recommend taking one of the beginner AngularJS sessions at CodeCamp before you come to this session. If you are starting out with Angular, this session will leave you with a useful map of patterns of wisdom that will help you ask the right questions as you are designing your solution.

Please download the slides in the Materials link and bring it with you to the session so you can follow along (there's code in it).27:T53c,Chief Technical Officer, Architect and Developer at ISSIO Solutions leading the change in Heath Care Management that benefits the consumer through the use of innovate Web Applications. He is currently architecting a new combined PHP / JS Framework that provides object persistance across both platforms with universal cross-platform methods and event handlers. Thus all objects co-exist on both platforms.

Provides deep and clear thinking both in engineering architecture and customer experience that comes from being the technical lead of multiple successful startup companies that have driven their success by quick adoption of a solution that solves pain points in customers daily lives.

Previously CTO of 4-Sight, international award winner for their on demand global pre-press image transfer products that became the defacto standard in the media industry. he was responsible for the design and implementation of the Rapido File Transfer protocol to merge multiple on-demand digital circuits globally under programatic control to maximize bandwidth in an ad-hoc manner. As used by Disney, the Olympic Games, World Cup, etc to get media content quickly from one location to another.

He has a long background in software development starting with solving mathematical puzzles to writing software to solve them for him while at school.28:T5c9,Les Hazlewood is Stormpath co-founder and CTO and the Apache Shiro PMC Chair.

Prior to forming Stormpath, Les held senior architectural positions at Bloomberg and Delta Airlines and he was former CTO of a software engineering firm supporting educational and government agencies. Les has been actively involved in Open Source for more than 10 years, committing or contributing to projects like the Spring Framework, JBoss, and Apache Shiro. Les has a BS in Computer Science from Georgia Tech, and practices Kendo and studies Japanese when he's not coding.

Speaking Experience

2014
- DevNexus 2014
- ApacheCon NA 2014
- Cassandra Day Silicon Valley 2014

2013
- JavaOne (awarded “Rock Star” presenter)
- GlueCon 2013
- JAXConf 2013
- ApacheCon NA
- DeveloperWeek 2013
- Silicon Valley Grails User Group

2012
- JavaOne (awarded “Rock Star” presenter)
- Rich Web Experience
- Silicon Valley Web User Group @ Google
- East Bay Java User Group
- Silicon Valley Linux User Group

Most Recent Speaking Videos
Build A Killer Node.js Client for your REST + JSON API (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FVAS7MdPXo) @ BayNode Meetup 2014
API Strategies for Developers (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx4WQ0bjruY) @ DeveloperWeek 2013
Beautiful REST + JSON API Design (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdSrT4yjS1g) @ Google, Silicon Valley Web User Group, August 2012
Securing Passwords Properly (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bR110r-RfY) @ Rackspace, Linux User Group, September 201229:T4d1,Designing a really clean and intuitive REST + JSON API is no small feat.  You have to worry about resources, collections of resources, pagination, query parameters, references to other resources, which HTTP Methods to use, HTTP Caching, security, and more!  And you have to make sure it lasts and doesn't break clients as you add features over time. Further, while there are many references on creating REST APIs with XML, there are much fewer references for REST + JSON.

In this presentation, Les Hazlewood - Stormpath CTO and Apache Shiro PMC Chair - will share all of the golden nuggets learned while designing, implementing and supporting JSON-based REST APIs, using examples from a clean real-world REST+JSON API.  He will cover:

* JSON-based data formats in a RESTful API
* References to other JSON-based resources (aka 'linking').
* Resource collections and pagination
* How to map (and how not to map) HTTP methods to Resource CRUD
* Resource partial updates
* Supporting HTTP Method Overloading for clients that don't support HTTP PUT and DELETE
* API versioning strategies
* Meaningful Error responses
* Many-to-many resource relationships
* HTTP Caching and Optimistic concurrency control.
* Authentication and Security
2a:T5b8,<p>Mr. Mummert assumed his current senior administrative position as Vice President in 2012. His focus is leading the college in the effort to improve and expand training and education to meet workforce needs. He has been an administrator at Foothill College since 2001, serving as Interim Vice President of Workforce Development and Instruction; Dean of Business and Social Sciences; and Director of Foothill Facilities and Operations. Prior to his community college experience Mr. Mummert served as Associate Dean, Defense Language Institute at the Presidio of Monterey, California; Instructor, Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas; and Cultural Exchange Officer in Teresina, Brazil.</p>

<p>He earned his B.A. in Foreign Service and International Relations from Pennsylvania State University and his M.A. in Latin American Studies from the University of New Mexico. He also served in various positions as an Engineer Officer in the US Army in Germany and Panama.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2b:T410,Tim Pettersen is a veteran Java developer at Atlassian. After seven years of working on JIRA, Stash and other developer tools out of Atlassian's Australian office, he made the move to San Francisco. Today, Tim's official job title is Developer Provocateur. 
 
Tim thinks that all software, but particularly developer tools, should be built with extensibility in mind. He splits his days between building tools and platform APIs for Atlassian's developer ecosystem and blogging or speaking about developer tools, API design and building hackable products. 
 
Tim also claims the first commit to Stash, Atlassian's enterprise Git repository management tool. His time on Stash taught him more about Git than is probably healthy, and he enjoys regularly speaking and blogging about Git arcanery.
 
Beyond his day job, Tim enjoys hacking on Android games and 3D graphics. His current pet project is a libgdx-powered arcade-style shooter that he hopes to release to critical acclaim later this year (although this is the 3rd year he's said that).2c:T431,After graduation from Harvey Mudd College in 1991 with a B.S. in Engineering with a focus on hardware and software, Jeff began his career at Intuit, the makers of QuickBooks and TurboTax. After Intuit, Jeff helped found an engineering department at a small visual design company to build C++ class libraries for highly customized user interfaces. During the late 1990s he was a founding engineer at an online recruiting startup and helped create a two way job seeker to employer matching algorithm and job invitation system. In 2003, he joined PayCycle which was acquired by Intuit in 2009. He served as lead architect for the online payroll platform and oversaw many huge transformations like creating an API for payroll and the first version IOP Mobile. He played a key role in successfully merging the Intuit payroll engineering organization with the PayCycle organization and transforming the platform into one that generates $150 million in revenue. Jeff currently is a Principal Engineer for the QuickBooks Ecosystem focused mostly on enabling teams to build plugins.2d:T5c4,

Mike is currently the CEO of EPS' Houston office and a skilled .NET developer. Mike excels at evaluating business requirements and turning them into results from development teams. He's been the Project Lead on many projects at EPS and promotes the use of modern best practices such as the Agile development paradigm, use of design patterns and test-drive and test-first development. Before coming to EPS Mike was a business owner developing a high-profile software business in the leisure industry. He grew the business from 2 employees to over 30 before selling the company and looking for new challenges. Implementation experience includes: .NET, SQL Server, Windows Azure, Microsoft Surface and Visual FoxPro. 

Skills
•C# / Visual Studio
•SQL Server
•SQL Server Reporting Services
•Microsoft Azure Development
•Mobile Device Development
•Microsoft Surface Development
•Visual Studio Extensibility (VSX)
•Windows Communication Foundation (WCF)
•Windows Workflow Foundation (WF)
•Requirements Gathering
•Use Cases & Documentation
•n-Tier Development
•Design Patterns
•Visual SourceSafe
•Team Foundation Server
•Visual FoxPro

Articles Authored
•Manager’s Corner: Words Matter
•Manger's Corner: Simplicity
•Manager's Corner: Meetings
•Manager’s Corner
•Manager’s Corner
•From VFP to .NET
•VFP Conversion Roadmap Whitepaper
•VFP 8 Tips and Tricks
•Extending Your Development Experience with the Visual Studio Gallery
2e:T4e1,Markus is the President and Chief Software Architect of EPS Software Corp. (and it's various properties, such as CODE Consulting, CODE Training, and VFPConversion). He is also the Publisher of CODE Magazine.  He is a Microsoft RD (Regional Director) and one of the longest-serving MVPs (1995-present). Markus is the founder of other business ventures, such as Tower48 (digital software escrow), Xiine (digital reading), JockTock (sports social network), and more.
Markus has worked on a large number of software projects for some of the world's largest companies (including a number of Fortune 500 companies). Markus has worked as a contractor to the Microsoft Visual Studio team, and has worked closely with various product groups at Microsoft. Besides his activities around CODE Magazine, Markus has been published extensively in practically all large industry publications (mainly in English, but on occasion in German as well). He has received various and numerous awards and recognitions, many related to his active involvement in the community and his regular appearances at events of all sizes. Markus has also been involved in the creation and continued support of various user groups, such as D2SIG (WPF and Silverlight) and HDNUG (.NET).

2f:T49b,Computers connect to other computers over Internet. People connect to other people face to face, via phone,  email, social networks etc. using internet . “Things” or objects from everyday life, like water heater, energy meter, and weather station are now connecting to each other and people,  computers and the Internet. “Things” act as agents that sense and change the world. Internet of Everything is getting real.

In the workshop, we will  introduce the basic concepts applied for interfacing the real world to the digital world like - like sensors and controllers, circuits, voltage, current, analog and digital signal. Kids will learn these, while performing hands-on activities using Arduino Uno, an open-source micro-controller, simple components like switches, LEDs etc.  Arduino kits will be used for hands-on experience in a shared setting.

Kids will learn to upload  a “Sketch" to Arduino. Instructor may share some pre-built "things" in the workshop.

Suggested Grade Level:

4+

Requirements

• Each attendee must have a laptop (Windows or Mac only).

• At least 2 GB of free disk space and 4 GB RAM

• Pre-install Arduino IDE prior to the workshop30:T48f,Computers connect to other computers over Internet. People connect to other people face to face, via phone, email, social networks etc. using internet . “Things” or objects from everyday life, like water heater, energy meter, and weather station are now connecting to each other and people, computers and the Internet. “Things” act as agents that sense and change the world. Internet of Everything is getting real. In the workshop, we will introduce the basic concepts applied for interfacing the real world to the digital world like - like sensors and controllers, circuits, voltage, current, analog and digital signal. Kids will learn these, while performing hands-on activities using Arduino Uno, an open-source micro-controller, simple components like switches, LEDs etc. Arduino kits will be used for hands-on experience in a shared setting. Kids will learn to upload a “Sketch" to Arduino. Instructor may share some pre-built "things" in the workshop. Suggested Grade Level: 4+ Requirements • Each attendee must have a laptop (Windows or Mac only). • At least 2 GB of free disk space and 4 GB RAM • Pre-install Arduino IDE prior to the workshop.31:T5a3,This event has been organized specifically for startup founders and early employees who do not have robust sales backgrounds and want to learn more about effective selling techniques and best practices. The objective of the session is to help you install the fundamental building blocks of a world-class sales engine at your company. 

To emerge from the early stages of building a new business, startups need to stay focused on two things: building and selling. The first is by far the most important. You can't sell what you don't ship, and if it's not built specifically with the customer's needs in mind, it'll be next to impossible to sell even with a great sales system.

In this presentation, you'll learn about common sales mistakes made by startups, how to build a buyer-centric sales process that scales, best practices for how to shorten your sales cycles and more.

BENEFITS
-Build sustainable, mutually beneficial relationships with prospects and customers
-Uncover sales opportunities and close deals sooner
-Establish trust by showing you’re focused on your customer’s needs
-Develop solution-oriented value propositions
-Learn to handle objections and move toward a close
-Distinguish yourself from pitch-based sales

CURRICULUM
-Getting the meeting
-Opening and sustaining dialogue
-Listening and probing for needs
-Uncovering key motivators
-Eliciting commitments that lead to an identifiable close
-Scheduling next steps32:T431,Vaadin is a popular web framework that allows you to write web based user interface in Java 8 or any other JVM based language directly. Writing an application that lazily loads large amounts of data from the server, includes drag-and-drop and compelling visualizations does not require one to write any HTML or  JavaScript.

The framework is based on a server centric development model that provides the best productivity, but it also supports client-side development with the built-in GWT Java to JavaScript compiler. It also allows you to go through the abstractions and write JavaScript directly. The looks of the application is customized with SASS language using powerful Valo theme. The end result can be run in any HTML5 capable browser and deployed to any Java based server or cloud.

The presentation gives an overview to Vaadin and explains how it works. We'll show how to use the parameterized Valo themes and powerful new Grid component. The session should give you everything you need to get started building your own apps with the free Apache-licensed Vaadin.33:T59b,A new generation of wearable devices are coming out that detect our thoughts, feelings and facial expressions via the electrical currents our body produces. These new devices interface directly with mobile devices via a Bluetooth connection and are designed to provide input all day long.
 
What potential does the Brain-Computer Interface provide for wearable purposes? What is the difference between passive monitoring and active detection? What sort of input is possible? Is the Brain-Computer Interface one way, or is direct brain input possible too?
 
In this class, we will dive into the future of thought as input for wearable development with real-world examples and code. Demonstrations will be shown using the Emotiv EPOC headset, a high resolution, neuro-signal acquisition and processing wireless neuroheadset that uses a set of sensors to tune into electric signals produced by the brain to detect thoughts, feelings and expressions. Additional devices will be discussed and may be used as they become available.
 
You will see the EEG neuroheadset and brain-computer interface with examples of interfacing with desktop and mobile apps. We will dive into the roots of the technology, showing code and examples along with big pictures of the technology. You will walk away with an understanding of how this still evolving and largely unknown technology really works, how it can be used, as well as longer-term implications.34:T4cb,Thank you for considering our workshop for Code Camp this year. Tenaya is a Rogue Maker and since March 16th 2013, has been learning all about Arduino, Linino, and Lilypad Arduino.  Tenaya holds a B.A. degree in Theatre & Drama, Geological Sciences, and Anthropology.  Her Grandpa was a Tau Beta Pi Engineer and Eta Kappa Nu Electrical Engineer...so it's only natural that Tenaya earned Phi Beta Kappa in 2005 (of course with much hard work!) She is mostly self taught in microcontroller coding and electrical engineering.  Diane and Esther, Tenaya's mom and grandma, taught her how to sew and now those skills are really paying off to use conductive thread to sew LEDs into garments.  Join us for a fun workshop to introduce you to sewing LEDs into your own clothing.  We'll also provide fabric to inspire you and to practice the parallel circuits.  Tenaya teaches a 3 part workshop where we 1) Design 2) Prototype, and 3) Make (sew!) Choose from 6 colors of LEDs with Tenaya's #RogueMaking Lilypad kits. More sensors and LEDs are available through the workshop as well. Rogue Making wearable tech kits will be an additional $20-$35 for take-home materials to keep. Prototyping materials, fabric, and sewing supplies provided.35:T5a1,Time has proven that Agile development has provided huge gains for software development.  But what about organizations & teams that deliver a mixed-platform (Hardware/Software/Firmware) product to their customers?  Typically these companies have separate teams using different development processes - and it all has to fit together to deliver the best product to your customer.

I see companies struggle with this issue, and many times miss schedule commitments and customer expectations.  With all the progress in the application of Agile methodologies to software development, we wondered what are the most effective tools in the Agile Software toolkit? Can these tools be applied to hardware and other types of product development programs? These questions were the focus of a 2013 study of Silicon Valley technology firms. 

Our research found that the most impactful elements of Agile/Scrum were not unique to software development!

We discovered key Best Practices and techniques for bridging the gap between Agile development programs and other types of program that include hardware or a mix of hardware and software. 

This tutorial will 1) present select findings from the study; 2) discuss the aspects of agile that are easily applicable to hardware and other types of development programs; 3) present Best Practices for bridging Agile software programs with traditional hardware development in mixed product development projects.36:T411,Anyone who's written in C++ or other compiled languages will have had to fix bugs. Greg will give a talk on Undo’s record and replay debugging technology that allows Linux software developers to record their C/C++ program's execution, and then "wind the tape" back and forth in real-time. This gives a clear view of a program's execution, allowing the root causes of bugs to be found with astonishing ease. Much of the guesswork and trial-and-error is removed, meaning that bugs that might otherwise have taken weeks to fix can now be fixed in minutes. UndoDB uses advanced optimization techniques to allow practical debugging of even very large and CPU-intensive programs, with typical slow-down of only 2-4x (compared to 50,000x for gdb's process record).
 
Through a series of demos Greg will give an in-depth look at the Undo technology and how it works. Greg will also detail how to record a program's execution and debug problems on-site at the customer. There will be time for an interactive Q and A session at the end of the talk.
37:T474,Ken Kruszka is a pioneer in mobile financial services, having developed the first mobile remittance service in the US.  Ken holds the distinction of being the first person to send $1 around the world by mobile by successively transferring that "dollar seen around the world" through 10 countries on 6 continents.

As EVP of Product and Service Delivery, Ken drives Boom's strategic product vision and roadmap, as well as their realization through the creation of industry-leading mobile financial products and services. In his role, Ken leads the product management, product development, service delivery, and information technology organizations.

Previously, as co-founder and CEO of m-Via, Ken grew the company into an industry-recognized leader in mobile financial services and brought the company to cash-flow positive before leading m-Via through an acquisition by Boom.

Ken holds a BS with distinction in Computer Science from Cornell University, an MS in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and an MBA in Entrepreneurial Management from the University of San Francisco.38:T58f,Want the power of IBM's relational database and analytics engine but don't want to install, configure and manage it?  Then you need to learn about managed data services in Bluemix.  We will show how IBM Bluemix, an open-standards, cloud-based developer platform for building, deploying and managing apps can be leveraged for rapid application development on the cloud built on top of enterprise-level data services.  We will discuss and demo two such Bluemix services, SQL Database and Analytics Warehouse.  SQL Database adds an on-demand relational database to your Bluemix hosted application.  Powered by DB2, it provides a managed database service to handle demanding web and transactional workloads.  Analytics Warehouse service can be used for predictive analytics which can be applied to many areas including business-to-business (B2B) and business-to-consumer (B2C) areas, such as customer acquisition, retention, and winback. These analytics can be applied to technical tasks, such as predictive maintenance.  We will discuss how can we leverage analytics service in the cloud to provide the statistical analysis capability of R by using sample data sets that are stored in the BLU Acceleration for Cloud database.  Join us to get hands on and learn how to use SQLDB, AWH, and In-database R capability in the cloud. You will also learn to pump-in NOSQL document datasets into the warehouse for predictive analytics.39:T43b,The Internet of Things represents an evolution in which objects are capable of interacting with other objects. Hospitals can monitor and regulate pacemakers long distance, factories can automatically address production line issues and hotels can adjust temperature and lighting according to a guest's preferences, to name just a few examples. Furthermore, as the number of devices connected to the Internet continues to grow exponentially, your organization's ability to send, receive, gather, analyze and respond to events from any connected device increases as well. If you're a developer, you now have a hand in creating the future. IBM Bluemix, an open-standards, cloud-based platform for developer offers you all the instant services, runtimes, and infrastructure you need to push your ideas into the present.  We will discuss how you can leverage analytic services in the cloud to provide the statistical analysis capabilities, by using sample data sets.  Join us at this session where you will learn how easy it is to develop IoT applications leveraging IBM Bluemix platform. 3c:X
41:X
41:C
0:{"buildId":"SJdJYyAeKFotlwOXmqCvc","data":[{"rsc":["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","section",null,{"className":"rd-band rd-band--o rd-dots rd-pagehead","children":[["$","i",null,{"className":"rd-deco rd-deco--a","aria-hidden":"true"}],["$","i",null,{"className":"rd-deco rd-deco--b","aria-hidden":"true"}],["$","div",null,{"className":"rd-wrap","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"rd-chip rd-chip--paper rd-chip--wrap","children":"Silicon Valley Code Camp  : October 11th and 12th 2014"}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"rd-h1","children":"The Speakers"}],["$","p",null,{"className":"rd-sub","children":"SVCC is the perfect place to watch engaging and entertaining talks given by industry experts and luminaries, and meet with developers for engaging and motivating conversations around specific topics."}]]}]]}],["$","section",null,{"className":"rd-band rd-band--tight","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"rd-wrap","children":["$","$L2",null,{"speakers":[{"id":32,"userLastName":"Zhovtulya","userFirstName":"Roman","company":"WebServiceCenter Group","principleJob":"President & CEO","twitterHandle":"@romanlutsk","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Roman has co-founded WebServiceCenter Group in early 2004 and has since been responsible for strategic management and IT.\n\nHe received a Master's Degree in \"Communications and Media Engineering\" from Offenburg University (Germany) and has established and managed a number of technology initiatives there. One of them being \"InternetServiceCenter\" - an innovative company-like software development agency within the University.","userWebsite":"www.WebServiceCenter.net","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1485,1487],"slug":"roman-zhovtulya-32","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1485,"title":"Manage your life: Web-based goal, time, project, health management","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$3","descriptionShort":"This session is an attempt to not only offer some fresh approaches to time/goal management, but also to engage in a discussion about new ideas and look at some thought-provoking concepts for total life management.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://webservicecenter.net/go.jsp?id=050200","lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1764,"sessionId":1485,"attendeeId":32,"attendees":{"id":32,"userFirstName":"Roman","userLastName":"Zhovtulya","twitterHandle":"@romanlutsk","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President & CEO","company":"WebServiceCenter Group","userBioShort":"Roman has co-founded WebServiceCenter Group in early 2004 and has since been responsible for strategic management and IT.\n\nHe received a Master's Degree in \"Communications and Media Engineering\" from Offenburg University (Germany) and has established and managed a number of technology initiatives there. One of them being \"InternetServiceCenter\" - an innovative company-like software development agency within the University.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1487,"title":"Apply software development principles to live/work spaces","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$4","descriptionShort":"Imagine your very own multi-purpose dwelling environment that adjusts to your needs throughout the day and over the course of your life, inspires you to fully unfold your potential and effectively works to maximize your well-being/performance.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://futureLiving.info","lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1767,"sessionId":1487,"attendeeId":32,"attendees":{"id":32,"userFirstName":"Roman","userLastName":"Zhovtulya","twitterHandle":"@romanlutsk","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President & CEO","company":"WebServiceCenter Group","userBioShort":"Roman has co-founded WebServiceCenter Group in early 2004 and has since been responsible for strategic management and IT.\n\nHe received a Master's Degree in \"Communications and Media Engineering\" from Offenburg University (Germany) and has established and managed a number of technology initiatives there. One of them being \"InternetServiceCenter\" - an innovative company-like software development agency within the University.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":106,"userLastName":"Zeidman","userFirstName":"Bob","company":"Zeidman Consulting","principleJob":"President","twitterHandle":"bob_zeidman","facebookId":"Bob Zeidman","linkedInId":"zeidman","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"$5","userWebsite":"www.zeidman.biz","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2500],"slug":"bob-zeidman-106","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2500,"title":"Synthesizing an Optimized Application Specific OS for your IoT Device","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Advances in software synthesis can automatically create a very fast, low footprint, highly secure operating system based on the application requirements. Instead of the traditional approach of the applications conforming to the OS, now the OS can be determined by the applications. OS synthesis can also rearrange and optimize existing code to meet specific timing constraints on a particular hardware platform. The resulting application specific operating system (ASOS) has strengthened security, increased reliability, lower hardware costs, reduced debug time, and minimized memory footprint, all of which are critical to devices connected to the Internet of Things.","descriptionShort":"Software synthesis can automatically create a fast, small, secure operating system based on the application requirements that is ideal for the IoT.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.zeidman.biz/CodeCamp/SynthOS%20Presentation.pdf","lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2780,"sessionId":2500,"attendeeId":106,"attendees":{"id":106,"userFirstName":"Bob","userLastName":"Zeidman","twitterHandle":"bob_zeidman","facebookId":"Bob Zeidman","linkedInId":"zeidman","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President","company":"Zeidman Consulting","userBioShort":"Bob Zeidman is the president and founder of Zeidman Technologies where he invented the patented SynthOS™ program for automatically generating real-time software. Bob is the recipient of the 2010 Outstanding Engineer in a Specialized Field from the IEEE Santa Clara Valley Section. He holds numerous patents and earned two bachelor's degrees, in physics and electrical engineering, from Cornell University and a master's degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":110,"userLastName":"Zuniga","userFirstName":"Gabi","company":"VoiceLayer","principleJob":"CTO","twitterHandle":"@gabiz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabizuniga","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Gabi Zuniga has been developing mobile applications since 2008. He is a co-founder and CTO of VoiceLayer where he architects frameworks for enhancing apps with realtime voice messaging. Gabi enjoys exploring new technologies and competing at hackathons.","userWebsite":"http://about.me/gabiz","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1466],"slug":"gabi-zuniga-110","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1466,"title":"Introduction to Smartwatch Programming","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"<p>Smartwatches are the first devices to enter the wearables revolution. Programming for smartwatches though require adopting new programming paradigms more radical than with the mobile transition.</p>\n\n<p>In this session we are going to discuss how to approach smartwatch programming then we will compare several smartwatch development platforms including Pebble, Android Wear, Samsung Tizen, Sony Smartwatch and Apple Watch.</p>\n\n<p>Each smartwatch vendor took a different approach for interacting with the connected mobile phone and for developing applications. </p>\n\n<p>Then we will go into more detail over Android Wear and Pebble SDK, build programs with CloudPebble in Javascript and deploy them to a smartwatch.</p>","descriptionShort":"In this session we are going to discuss how to approach smartwatch programming then we will compare several smartwatch development platforms including Pebble, Android Wear, Samsung Tizen, Sony Smartwatch and Apple Watch.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1745,"sessionId":1466,"attendeeId":110,"attendees":{"id":110,"userFirstName":"Gabi","userLastName":"Zuniga","twitterHandle":"@gabiz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabizuniga","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CTO","company":"VoiceLayer","userBioShort":"VoiceLayer CTO & Co-Founder.\nVoiceLayer is Real-Time voice messaging platform for mobile apps","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":187,"userLastName":"Nielsen","userFirstName":"Dave","company":"Intel","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","twitterHandle":"@davenielsen","facebookId":"dcnielsen","linkedInId":"dnielsen","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"As Head of Ecosystem Programs, Dave uses emerging technologies and open source projects like Microservices, Serverless & Kubernetes to bring the magic of Redis to the broader community. Dave has extensive ecosystem experience from his years of engagement in the web, cloud and big data trenches. Prior to Redis Labs, Dave led the relationship between Intel’s Deep Learning in Apache Spark project and public cloud providers; and at PayPal where he helped pioneer web api developer evangelism. ","userWebsite":"http://www.davenielsen.net","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3637,3638,3640],"slug":"dave-nielsen-187","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3640,"title":"Deploying Applications into Docker Containers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Docker containers containers make it easy for Developers, Systems Administrators, Architects, Consultants and others to quickly test a piece of software in a container; much quicker than a virtual machine, and using less resources. The average command in Docker takes under a second to complete. Join me in this session as I show you how to deploy your first app using Docker containers. ","descriptionShort":"Join me in this session as I show you how to deploy your first app using Docker containers. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3938,"sessionId":3640,"attendeeId":187,"attendees":{"id":187,"userFirstName":"Dave","userLastName":"Nielsen","twitterHandle":"@davenielsen","facebookId":"dcnielsen","linkedInId":"dnielsen","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","company":"Intel","userBioShort":"I head up ecosystem programs at Redis Labs. I'm also the co-founder of CloudCamp. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3637,"title":"From Idea to API in Half a Day with RAML","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Want to excel at agile API design? In this workshop Dave Nielsen will learn how to collaboratively design an API from scratch for great user experience. You will learn how to iterate with your users, using their feedback to help you get your API right from the start. But we won't stop there, we will show you the whole life cycle of how to build, deploy and manage your API with RAML. Don't miss this opportunity to make your API shine! ","descriptionShort":"You will learn how to collaboratively design an API from scratch for great user experience. You will learn how to iterate with your users, using their feedback to help you get your API right from the start. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":8,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3935,"sessionId":3637,"attendeeId":187,"attendees":{"id":187,"userFirstName":"Dave","userLastName":"Nielsen","twitterHandle":"@davenielsen","facebookId":"dcnielsen","linkedInId":"dnielsen","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","company":"Intel","userBioShort":"I head up ecosystem programs at Redis Labs. I'm also the co-founder of CloudCamp. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4302"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3638,"title":"Dive into Cloud Foundry PaaS","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"IT departments and hosting providers are increasingly adopting Platform as a Service in response to developer demand. Cloud Foundry PaaS dramatically reduces development cycles and accelerates time to market for developers and cloud operators alike. Enterprises seeking to leverage PaaS can now consider numerous options for both public and private deployments.\nIf you want to provide your colleagues or customers an easy way to developing, testing, and deploying their apps, this is a session to attend! That is, learn why and how you can get your own Platform as a Service on AWS or OpenStack. This session will shed the light on a path to offering high-impact application development platform as a service.","descriptionShort":"Cloud Foundry PaaS dramatically reduces development cycles and accelerates time to market for developers and cloud operators alike. Enterprises seeking to leverage PaaS can now consider numerous options for both public and private deployments.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3936,"sessionId":3638,"attendeeId":187,"attendees":{"id":187,"userFirstName":"Dave","userLastName":"Nielsen","twitterHandle":"@davenielsen","facebookId":"dcnielsen","linkedInId":"dnielsen","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","company":"Intel","userBioShort":"I head up ecosystem programs at Redis Labs. I'm also the co-founder of CloudCamp. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":225,"userLastName":"Kurata","userFirstName":"Jerry","company":"InStep Technologies","principleJob":"Consultant","twitterHandle":"jerrykur","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jerry-kurata/2/1a0/6b2","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Jerry Kurata is a consultant specializing in full stack web and mobile solutions.  He has worked with a wide range of clients including Microsoft, Novartis, and numerous medium to small businesses. He is currently deeply involved in developing machine learning and robotic application.","userWebsite":"www.insteptech.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1492],"slug":"jerry-kurata-225","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1492,"title":"Top 10 tips for effective development with AngularJS","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Developing with AngularJS can be fun and quick, as long as you avoid some of the common pit falls. This session will go over the top 10 things a developer needs to know to use AngularJS effectively, and have more fun programming.","descriptionShort":"This session will go over the top 10 things a developer needs to know to use AngularJS effectively, and have more fun programming.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1771,"sessionId":1492,"attendeeId":225,"attendees":{"id":225,"userFirstName":"Jerry","userLastName":"Kurata","twitterHandle":"jerrykur","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jerry-kurata/2/1a0/6b2","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"InStep Technologies","userBioShort":"Jerry Kurata is a consultant specializing in full stack web, data science, and IoT.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":251,"userLastName":"Chun","userFirstName":"Wesley","company":"CyberWeb & Google","principleJob":"developer advocate","twitterHandle":"@wescpy","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"+WESLEY CHUN, MSCS, is the author of Prentice Hall's bestselling \"Core Python\" book series & companion videos (corepython.com), co-author of \"Python Web Development with Django\" (withdjango.com), and has written for Linux Journal, CNET, and InformIT. In addition to being an engineer & Developer Advocate at Google, he runs CyberWeb (cyberwebconsulting.com), a consultancy specializing in Python training. Wesley has over 25 years of programming, teaching, and writing experience, including helping create Yahoo!Mail using Python almost 2 decades ago. He has taught numerous Python courses at Cisco, Disney, VMware, UC Santa Barbara, UC Santa Cruz, & Foothill College. Wesley holds degrees in CS, Math, and Music from the University of California, and loves traveling worldwide to meet developers, whether at a technical conference, user group meeting, or on a university campus. He is a Fellow of the Python Software Foundation and can be reached on Google+ or Twitter (@wescpy).","userWebsite":"http://corepython.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1443],"slug":"wesley-chun-251","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1443,"title":"What is Python?","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$6","descriptionShort":"Python's a simple yet powerful language that's gaining popularity every day in techology & education for kids as well as adults. We'll provide a high-level intro so you can get started easily. Find out why NASA, Yahoo, Google & YouTube all use Python","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://goo.gl/lFbQHR","lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1721,"sessionId":1443,"attendeeId":251,"attendees":{"id":251,"userFirstName":"Wesley","userLastName":"Chun","twitterHandle":"@wescpy","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"developer advocate","company":"CyberWeb & Google","userBioShort":"WESLEY CHUN is author of the \"Core Python\" books and an engineer & Developer Advocate at Google.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":385,"userLastName":"Evans","userFirstName":"Steve","company":"LoudSteve","principleJob":"Speaker","twitterHandle":"TheLoudSteve","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Steve Evans has been doing DevOps since before the term DevOps was invented. He is a Pluralsight Author, six time Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP), and technical Speaker at various industry events. In his spare time he manages a DevOps team at a Silicon Valley Biotech focused on improving the lives of cancer patients. For over 15 years Steve has focused on making technology better for businesses by bridging the gap between IT and Development teams.\n\nYou can follow his technical blog at http://www.LoudSteve.com or find him on twitter at @TheLoudSteve.","userWebsite":"http://www.LoudSteve.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1477],"slug":"steve-evans-385","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1477,"title":"TCP/IP Networking for Developers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Learn what developers need to know about networking (The TCP/IP kind, not the Facebook kind).\n\nIn today’s world it’s rare to write an application that doesn’t rely on the network, but so few of us know how to troubleshoot networking issues. Stop wondering if it’s your code or the network, I’ll show you how to point the finger at the right culprit.\n\nWe will follow the life of an HTTP packet as it goes from your web browser to the server and back. Learn how to determine what stopped the mission of that packet and why. Was it name resolution? TCP Port availability issues? Do we need to sniff the packets to find the problem? This session will make you a better programmer regardless of the technology you are using.","descriptionShort":"Learn what developers need to know about networking (The TCP/IP kind, not the Facebook kind).","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1756,"sessionId":1477,"attendeeId":385,"attendees":{"id":385,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Evans","twitterHandle":"TheLoudSteve","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Speaker","company":"LoudSteve","userBioShort":"100 characters is shorter than a tweet ...","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":391,"userLastName":"Mylroie","userFirstName":"Steve","company":"Roietronics","principleJob":"Owner","twitterHandle":"SWMylroie","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"smylroie","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Steve is an independent software consultant in Silicon Valley specializing in the Microsoft product stack having retired after a 40+ year career doing semiconductor industry, with side excursions in to medical image management. Over the years he has worked with a wide range of platforms from mainframes to PCs, many of which have gone to the great scrap yard in the sky. \nCo-chair Baynet User Group's South Bay Chapter and Baynet Treasurer","userWebsite":"http://www.smylroie.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2560],"slug":"steve-mylroie-391","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2560,"title":"Beyond Push Pins - Creating Enhanced Map Displays","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$7","descriptionShort":"The Google and Bing map services offer many predefined map, which one can simple past on to one web page or into one's application.\n\nThis presentation will focus on how to create a custom map when  the predefined maps do not meet your needs. .","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":20,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2847,"sessionId":2560,"attendeeId":391,"attendees":{"id":391,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Mylroie","twitterHandle":"SWMylroie","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"smylroie","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Owner","company":"Roietronics","userBioShort":"An independent software consultant specializing in the Microsoft product stack\nBaynet officer","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4310"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":410,"userLastName":"Ashrafi","userFirstName":"Siamak","company":"Zoewave","principleJob":"CTO","twitterHandle":"@biocodes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Ash - CTO @ ZoeWave building physiologically intelligent clothing called ZoeWear. Combining biotech, mobile and fashion to build clothing that keeps people healthy while looking great*. Zoe(“life”)Wear “wearable for life” is built on his experience in all three fields","userWebsite":"https://sessionize.com/Ash","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1433,2513],"slug":"siamak-ashrafi-410","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1433,"title":"Technology and fashion awaken the soul of the shoe.","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$8","descriptionShort":"Understanding of wearable devices as a fusion of contemporary fashion and advanced technology. Detailed overview of existing products and code samples of sensors capturing physiological data.  Insider view on collaboration with a fashion company.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1712,"sessionId":1433,"attendeeId":410,"attendees":{"id":410,"userFirstName":"Siamak","userLastName":"Ashrafi","twitterHandle":"@biocodes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CTO","company":"Zoewave","userBioShort":"Ash - CTO @ ZoeWave building physiologically intelligent combining biotech, mobile and fashion.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":1713,"sessionId":1433,"attendeeId":15080,"attendees":{"id":15080,"userFirstName":"Elena","userLastName":"Eberhard","twitterHandle":"elena_philipova","facebookId":"elena.philipova.7","linkedInId":"elena-eberhard-2930444?trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile_pic","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Public Relations and Special Events Manager","company":"Academy Of Art University","userBioShort":"is a Public Relations Manager in Academy of Art University School of Fashion","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2513,"title":"Swift language and using Playgrounds","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"A detailed tutorial of the Swift programming language (history / comparison) and in depth tour of the new Swift Playgrounds.\nThis talk will cover basic language features:\nOptionals -\nClosures -\nGenerics -\nInferred types -\nBasic functional programming patterns -\nAutomated memory management [Strong, Weak and Unowned Reference] - \nSafety (variables are always initialized before use, arrays and integers are checked for overflow).\n\nAnd using the Swift Playgrounds for - Algorithm development, Drawing code development, and Processing code(value transformation, image filters etc ...).\n\nThis makes it very easy to learn and experiment with Swift code / APIs.\n[No project needed - run code from a document].\n\n\" Swift is an innovative new programming language for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch. Writing code is interactive and fun, the syntax is concise yet expressive, and apps run lightning-fast. \"  - Apple\n","descriptionShort":"A detailed tutorial of the Swift programming language and in depth tour of the new Playgrounds.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2793,"sessionId":2513,"attendeeId":410,"attendees":{"id":410,"userFirstName":"Siamak","userLastName":"Ashrafi","twitterHandle":"@biocodes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CTO","company":"Zoewave","userBioShort":"Ash - CTO @ ZoeWave building physiologically intelligent combining biotech, mobile and fashion.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":488,"userLastName":"Pousty","userFirstName":"Steven","company":"Red Hat","principleJob":"OpenShift Evangelist","twitterHandle":"TheSteve0","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"$9","userWebsite":"http://thesteve0.wordpress.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1488],"slug":"steven-pousty-488","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1488,"title":" MongoDB + Vert.x = Red Hot goodness","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Vert.x is a polyglot async ready application server that runs on the JVM. It comes with a built in Event Bus and uses JSON for message passing. That use of JSON makes for some very interesting integration pieces with MongoDB. In this talk I will start by introducing some of the basic concepts of Vert.x, such as Verticles, EventBus, and a ton of built in features. From there I will demonstrate how easy it is to run a WebSocket enabled application that provides live tracking map of airplane flights. The code will be a mix of JavaScript, Java, and Python to flex some polyglotness. Then with a few lines of code I will demonstrate how easy it is to push the same feed of data straight into a spatially enabled MongoDB instance. Given the way both plaforms are such a close fit, I will show how easy it is to also add a REST query service right on top of the API. Don't let all the Node.JS hipsters have all the fun - come see the exciting possibilities for JavaScript or Java application with Vert.x and MongoDB. ","descriptionShort":"Vert.x is a polyglot async ready application server that runs on the JVM. Don't let all the Node.JS hipsters have all the fun - come see the exciting possibilities for JavaScript or Java application with Vert.x and MongoDB. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1766,"sessionId":1488,"attendeeId":488,"attendees":{"id":488,"userFirstName":"Steven","userLastName":"Pousty","twitterHandle":"TheSteve0","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"OpenShift Evangelist","company":"Red Hat","userBioShort":"Steve is a Dad, Son, Partner, and PaaS Dust Spreader (aka developer evangelist) with OpenShift. He goes around and shows off all the great work the OpenShift engineers do. He can teach you about PaaS with Java, Python, PostgreSQL MongoDB, and some JavaScript. He has spoken at over 50 conferences and done over 30 workshops. Steve was a developer evangelist for LinkedIn, deCarta, and ESRI. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":490,"userLastName":"Ovsankin","userFirstName":"Sasha","company":"Uber ATG","principleJob":"Tech Lead","twitterHandle":"@SashaO","facebookId":"sashao","linkedInId":"sashao","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"I am Software Engineer at LinkedIn. During my career, I have solved exciting problems in fields of Graphic Arts and Imaging, Healthcare, e-Commerce, Social Networking and Communications. I currently enjoy a challenge of working on next-generation communications doing engineering as well as Data work. I always look for better and more elegant ways of solving problems and am happy to tell others about them.","userWebsite":"http://linkedin.com/in/sashao","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2523],"slug":"sasha-ovsankin-490","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2523,"title":"Agile Machine Learning with scikit-learn","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Python is rapidly gaining popularity among Data practitioners and catching up with tools like MathLab and R. scikit-learn is The Machine Learning package for Python which I have been successfully using in my data work. In this session, we do an introduction into iPython Notebook, scikit and will go over some of the interesting problems one can solve with scikit. Knowledge of Python and a basic idea on Machine Learning is recommended.","descriptionShort":"Python is gaining ground in data work. Come and learn about scikit-learn, a leading Machine Learning package for Python.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/SashaOv/scikit-talk","lectureRoomsId":38,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2805,"sessionId":2523,"attendeeId":490,"attendees":{"id":490,"userFirstName":"Sasha","userLastName":"Ovsankin","twitterHandle":"@SashaO","facebookId":"sashao","linkedInId":"sashao","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Tech Lead","company":"Uber ATG","userBioShort":"Sasha is a Staff Engineer at LinkedIn working on next-generation communications.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3402"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":502,"userLastName":"Reddy","userFirstName":"Sridhar","company":"MapR Technologies, Inc","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Sridhar is Director of Professional Services at MapR. He has extensive experience working with Java and JaveEE in many roles of the software development life cycle, including design, development, management, training and technology evangelism. He leads the HBase application development practice at MapR where his team helps customers in building HBase solutions from migrating data from SQL databases. He developed the HBase training course. Prior to MapR Sridhar led a team of Java developers to build the next generation of the Java platform at PayPal. Sridhar worked as a Technology Evangelist at Sun Microsystems for over 10 years, where he presented at many Technical conferences world wide and helped increase awareness and adoption of Java technology in the worldwide developer community.\nSridhar holds a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Osmania University in India, and an MS in Computer Science from the Florida Institute of Technology.","userWebsite":"www.mapr.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1430],"slug":"sridhar-reddy-502","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1430,"title":"Getting started with developing Big Data Solutions using HBase.","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Having problem scaling your SQL Database?\nHBase allows you to build big data applications for scaling, but with this comes some different ways of implementing applications compared to developing with traditional relational databases. For example, in HBase you cannot do transactions spanning multiple tables.  In this session, you will learn how, in some cases, to work around to implement transactions using HBase. We will explore real-world big data problems and talk about architectures, APIs, and key parts of HBase for developing efficient big data applications to solve these problems. In this session, you will learn how setup MapR Sandbox and get started with HBase application development. We will go through some best practices and how to apply them using demos and code.\nI can present this as a 50 minutes session or 120 minutes Hands-on Lab/Session.","descriptionShort":"Having problem scaling your SQL Database?\nIn this session, you will learn how setup MapR Sandbox and get started with HBase application development,  in some cases, to work around to implement transactions using HBase.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1709,"sessionId":1430,"attendeeId":502,"attendees":{"id":502,"userFirstName":"Sridhar","userLastName":"Reddy","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"MapR Technologies, Inc","userBioShort":"Sridhar is Director of Professional Services at MapR. He leads the HBase application development practice at MapR where his team helps customers in building HBase solutions from migrating data from SQL databases.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":539,"userLastName":"Driscoll","userFirstName":"Jim","company":"MarkLogic","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"netdance","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"I've been programming in Java since 1996, and have worked on such projects as the first version of servlets, and the first release of J2EE.  \n\nCurrently working for MarkLogic, a NoSQL vendor.\n\n\n","userWebsite":"http://jamesgdriscoll.wordpress.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1479],"slug":"jim-driscoll-539","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1479,"title":"Introduction to NoSQL","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Before they were called cars, they were \"horseless carriages\".  That's what NoSQL is: something better than the past but still defined in terms of the past.\n\nFor decades we had one way of storing data, the relational model.  Now databases come with new data models, new index schemes, and new scaling architectures.  They're also much more cloud-focused than previous systems.\n\nIt's an exciting time again to be a database administrator, or a programmer, and this talk gets you oriented.  We'll cover how we got here, where we're at, and where we're going.  We'll discuss data models (key-value, document, graph), licensing (open source, commercial), and transaction models (ACID vs BASE).  We'll also show running code.\n","descriptionShort":"This talk is designed to get you oriented in the new world of NoSQL databases.  I'll cover how we got here, where we're at, and where we're going.  ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1757,"sessionId":1479,"attendeeId":539,"attendees":{"id":539,"userFirstName":"Jim","userLastName":"Driscoll","twitterHandle":"netdance","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"MarkLogic","userBioShort":"I've been programming in Java since 1996, and have worked on such projects as the first version of servlets, and the first release of J2EE.  \n\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":565,"userLastName":"Terkaly","userFirstName":"Bruno","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Principal Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"BrunoTerkaly","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$a","userWebsite":"blogs.msdn.com/brunoterkaly","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2585],"slug":"bruno-terkaly-565","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2585,"title":"How to Build Your Own Internet of Things Product with Raspberry PI","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$b","descriptionShort":"In this session you will start with a pile of hardware and build a working, cloud-enabled device from the ground up. You will build some key skills, such as building the device from hardware, writing device and cloud software.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/dn781356.aspx","lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2873,"sessionId":2585,"attendeeId":565,"attendees":{"id":565,"userFirstName":"Bruno","userLastName":"Terkaly","twitterHandle":"BrunoTerkaly","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Software Engineer","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Bruno is a Principal Software Engineer at Microsoft on the Global Technical Evangelism.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":2874,"sessionId":2585,"attendeeId":16209,"attendees":{"id":16209,"userFirstName":"Steven","userLastName":"Edouard","twitterHandle":"sedouard","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sedouard","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Steven received his undergraduate in Computer Engineering from the University of Florida. Before joining Microsoft he worked in the defense industry on subsea mine hunting and acoustic systems. He first joined Microsoft in Redmond, WA as a Software Test Engineer for .NET, a fundamental technology used by millions. He now works as a Developer Evangelist in the Bay area. Outside of tech, he likes to sail, ski, hike and hit the beach’","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":583,"userLastName":"Brandewinder","userFirstName":"Mathias","company":"Clear Lines Consulting","principleJob":"I write code","twitterHandle":"@brandewinder","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"I have been writing software on .NET for 10 years, mostly C#, until I fell in love with F# and functional programming. I enjoy arguing about code and how to make it better, and get very excited when discussing testing or F#. My other professional interests are applied math and machine learning. If you want to know more about me, you can check out my blog <a href=\"http://www.clear-lines.com/blog/\">here</a> or find me on Twitter as <a href=\"http://twitter.com/brandewinder\">@brandewinder</a>.","userWebsite":"www.brandewinder.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1453,3648],"slug":"mathias-brandewinder-583","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1453,"title":"F# for the C# developer","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"Back in 2010, Visual Studio came with a new language on board: F#. Out of curiosity, I started playing with it, and got hooked. F# is a fantastic language - it mixes functional and Object Oriented approaches seamlessly, encourages writing bug-free code (it is virtually impossible to get a null exception...), comes with great features, and is incredibly productive. \nIn this talk, I will give a intro to F# for C# developers, illustrated with live code samples, and discuss where it fits and how you can get started with it!","descriptionShort":"F# is a .NET language that mixes functional and Object Oriented approaches seamlessly, encourages writing bug-free code, and is incredibly productive. I will illustrate with live code where it fits and how you can get started with it.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":21,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1731,"sessionId":1453,"attendeeId":583,"attendees":{"id":583,"userFirstName":"Mathias","userLastName":"Brandewinder","twitterHandle":"@brandewinder","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"I write code","company":"Clear Lines Consulting","userBioShort":"Figuring out things, one model at a time. F# globe-trotter.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4305"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3648,"title":"Community, Career and You: a Microsoft MVP Panel ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"No person survives as an island, and no career grows spontaneously. In this session, we will discuss how to strategically grow your professional opportunities by participating in technical communities.  Whether an open source, cross-platform, .NET, iOS, Android or Linux developer (or all of the above), this panel will let you tap into the real-world experiences of Microsoft Most Valuable Professionals (MVPs). You will also learn about what it takes to receive and benefit from the MVP Award, and how to get started with the MVP Mentor program. Raucous (or at least mildly amusing) stories guaranteed.","descriptionShort":"No person survives as an island, and no career grows spontaneously. In this session, we will discuss how to strategically grow your professional opportunities by participating in technical communities.  ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3950,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":21132,"attendees":{"id":21132,"userFirstName":"Esther","userLastName":"Lee","twitterHandle":"@MsEstherL","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"msestherl","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Community Program Manager","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Esther is a Community Program Manager for the Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) Award Program where she focuses on the developer community.  Her passion for growing the technical capabilities of communities has led her to work in west Africa, SE and NE Asia, and the US.  When not building community or watching out for MVPs, she can be found chasing her two young kids.  Esther holds a MCP from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and a BA from Dartmouth College.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3951,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":21146,"attendees":{"id":21146,"userFirstName":"Kari","userLastName":"Finn","twitterHandle":"@mvpmentor","facebookId":"mvpmentor","linkedInId":"karifinn","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Community Program Manager, MVP Award Program","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Kari is a Community Program Manager for the Microsoft Most Valuable professional (MVP) Award Program where she manages the relationship of consumer focused MVPs in the US.  She is also the program lead for the MVP Mentor Program, whose mission it is to foster the next generation of technologists to be leaders in their fields and communities.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3952,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":903,"attendees":{"id":903,"userFirstName":"Peter","userLastName":"Kellner","twitterHandle":"pkellner","facebookId":"peterkellner99","linkedInId":"peterkellner","blueskyHandle":"@pkellner.bsky.social","principleJob":".","company":"73rd Street Associates","userBioShort":"Peter Kellner, an open source developer, Pluralsight Author and part time conference organizer","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3953,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":5995,"attendees":{"id":5995,"userFirstName":"David","userLastName":"McCarter","twitterHandle":"@RealDotNetDave","facebookId":"davidmccarter","linkedInId":"davidmccarter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"dotNetTips.com","userBioShort":"David McCarter is a Microsoft MVP and a consultant in San Diego.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3954,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":653,"attendees":{"id":653,"userFirstName":"Deborah","userLastName":"Kurata","twitterHandle":"@DeborahKurata","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/deborahkurata","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"InStep Technologies, Inc","userBioShort":"Deborah Kurata is a developer, speaker, author, Microsoft MVP and Google Developer Expert (GDE).","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3956,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":8502,"attendees":{"id":8502,"userFirstName":"Jeremy","userLastName":"Clark","twitterHandle":"@jeremybytes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-clark-21a6822","blueskyHandle":"jeremybytes.bsky.social","principleJob":"Developer Betterer","company":"JeremyBytes.com","userBioShort":"Jeremy Clark makes developers better","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3962,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":17364,"attendees":{"id":17364,"userFirstName":"Ryan","userLastName":"Riley","twitterHandle":"panesofglass","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ryanriley","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Engineer","company":"Tachyus Corp","userBioShort":"Husband, father, F# MVP, Engineer @TachyusCorp out of Houston, TX, and OWIN Instigator.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3968,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":583,"attendees":{"id":583,"userFirstName":"Mathias","userLastName":"Brandewinder","twitterHandle":"@brandewinder","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"I write code","company":"Clear Lines Consulting","userBioShort":"Figuring out things, one model at a time. F# globe-trotter.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":4003,"sessionId":3648,"attendeeId":2039,"attendees":{"id":2039,"userFirstName":"Joseph","userLastName":"Kleinschmidt","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Obindo","userBioShort":"Joe Kleinschmidt is the Chief Technology Officer for Leverage Software","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":653,"userLastName":"Kurata","userFirstName":"Deborah","company":"InStep Technologies, Inc","principleJob":"Consultant","twitterHandle":"@DeborahKurata","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/deborahkurata","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Deborah Kurata is a software developer, consultant, conference speaker, and Pluralsight author. For her work in support of software developers, she has been recognized with the Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) award and is a Google Developer Expert (GDE). She has authored several technical books and speaks at user groups and conferences. She has published several Pluralsight courses including \"Angular: Getting Started\" and \"Angular NgRx: Getting Started\".","userWebsite":"http://blogs.msmvps.com/deborahk/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1427,3648],"slug":"deborah-kurata-653","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1",{"id":1427,"title":"AngularJS or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Web Development","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Angular is what HTML would have been had it been designed to build web applications. This session provides JavaScript developers with a quick start to building Web applications with AngularJS.\n \nThe session begins with a gentle, acronym-free overview of Angular, its purpose and benefits. Then using only a simple text editor, such as Notepad, and a browser, the developer will learn how to incorporate basic Angular features such as directives, expressions, filters, and data binding into a basic Web page.\n \nThe second half of the session introduces WebStorm as a development tool and expands the Web page into a Single Page Application (SPA). In small and deliberate steps, the developer will learn how to create a controller, two user interface views, and the routing required to switch between the two views.","descriptionShort":"Angular is what HTML would have been had it been designed to build web applications. This session provides JavaScript developers with a quick start to building Web applications with AngularJS. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/DeborahK/Angular-MovieHunter-WebAPI","lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1706,"sessionId":1427,"attendeeId":653,"attendees":{"id":653,"userFirstName":"Deborah","userLastName":"Kurata","twitterHandle":"@DeborahKurata","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/deborahkurata","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"InStep Technologies, Inc","userBioShort":"Deborah Kurata is a developer, speaker, author, Microsoft MVP and Google Developer Expert (GDE).","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":672,"userLastName":"Kumar","userFirstName":"Manoj","company":"Oracle","principleJob":"Software Engineering","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Manoj Kumar is a Principal Software Engineer at Oracle, currently working in Oracle Social Network group. He has over 20 years of experience in the software industry working on application servers, application development frameworks and web services.\nHe has M.Tech. in Computer Science and Data Processing from IIT Kharagpur and B. Tech. in Electrical Engineering from IIT BHU, India.  \ngithub:  https://github.com/krmanoj/CodeCamp/tree/master/2014","userWebsite":"http://manoj-kumar-on.blogspot.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1428],"slug":"manoj-kumar-672","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1428,"title":"Learn JavaScript by modeling and solving Rubik's Cuibe","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$c","descriptionShort":"Learn JavaScript, new upcoming features, concepts of object oriented and functional programming by modeling Rubik’s cube!","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/krmanoj/CodeCamp/tree/master/2014","lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1707,"sessionId":1428,"attendeeId":672,"attendees":{"id":672,"userFirstName":"Manoj","userLastName":"Kumar","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineering","company":"Oracle","userBioShort":"Manoj Kumar is a Principal Software Engineer at Oracle, currently working in Oracle Social Network group. He has over 20 years of experience in the software industry working on application servers, application development frameworks and web services.\nHe has M.Tech. in Computer Science and Data Processing from IIT Kharagpur and B. Tech. in Electrical Engineering from IIT BHU, India.  \n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":697,"userLastName":"Cassidy","userFirstName":"Paul","company":"Front Porch Inc","principleJob":"Automation Architect","twitterHandle":"qawaryr","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"I work in Research and Development for Front Porch Inc. I specialize in Build and Test Automation. I have knowledge in Python, VBS, C++, SQL, VB, C#, Powershell and BOO. I work heavily in network protocols, distributed computing and web related technologies","userWebsite":"http://blog.qawarrior.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1462],"slug":"paul-cassidy-697","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1462,"title":"Parallel and Async Scripting with PowerShell ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Learn how to break your scripts into discrete tasks that can be ran in Parallel to speed them up and also look at how to script async operations. waiting for task to complete before moving on to the next block or begin an operation and then go on and perform another operation and then return to receive your results. We will look at how this can be achieved in PowerShell with very little work. We will be using PSv4 but the material is also valid for PSv3  ","descriptionShort":"Learn how to break your scripts into discrete tasks that can be ran in Parallel to speed them up and also look at how to script async operations.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":22,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1740,"sessionId":1462,"attendeeId":697,"attendees":{"id":697,"userFirstName":"Paul","userLastName":"Cassidy","twitterHandle":"qawaryr","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Automation Architect","company":"Front Porch Inc","userBioShort":"Automation Architect focusing on Build and Test Integration. Spends his life in Visual Studio and the PowerShell ISE. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3401"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":821,"userLastName":"Glosser","userFirstName":"Bill","company":"Windigo Systems","principleJob":"ISV","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Bill has been building apps since, well, for too long to admit. Anyone remember the IBM 1401 or 7094; Computers the size of an SUV, no disk drives, punch cards?   Still at it, recent projects include Ferry Reservations Express, a ticketing and booking system complex, AeroTunes, a Windows Phone 8.1 app for streaming music from YouTube, and StartGator, more than just a start button replacement.. Bill is head of permanent start-up Windigo Systems.","userWebsite":"http://www.BlogSpyder.net","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3631],"slug":"bill-glosser-821","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3631,"title":"Simple Contextual User Doc SDK via WordPad","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"<p>SCUD SDK is an open source project which can be found on CodePlex.com. Use it to embed documentation, user guides, and “how tos” in Windows .Net desktop applications.&#160; Since it uses rich text format (rtf) documents as input it provides a simple, familiar way to compose text with graphics, bullet lists, tables etc.<u></u><u></u></p>\n\n<p><u></u><u></u></p>\n\n<p>Get the pieces at <a href=\"http://scudsdk.codeplex.com/\">http://SCUDSDK.CodePlex.com</a></p>","descriptionShort":"documentation, user guides, and “how tos” in Windows .Net desktop applications.  Since it uses rich text format (rtf) documents as input it provides a simple, familiar way to compose text with graphics, bullet lists, tables etc.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://Startgator.com","lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3929,"sessionId":3631,"attendeeId":821,"attendees":{"id":821,"userFirstName":"Bill","userLastName":"Glosser","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"ISV","company":"Windigo Systems","userBioShort":"ISV -- WindigoSystems.com.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":823,"userLastName":"Nilson","userFirstName":"Kevin","company":"Google","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"javaclimber","facebookId":"javaclimber","linkedInId":"kevinnilson","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Team Lead of the Chromecast Technical Solutions Engineer team, a Java Champion and three time JavaOne Rock Star Presenter. Kevin has spoken at conferences such as JavaOne, Devoxx, JAX, O'Reilly Fluent, Silicon Valley Code Camp, JAX, HTML5DevConf, On Android, NFJS SpringOne and AjaxWorld. Kevin is the co-author of Web 2.0 Fundamentals. In the past Kevin was an adjunct professor at the College of San Mateo. Kevin holds a MS and BS in Computer Science from Southern Illinois University. Kevin is the leader of the Silicon Valley JavaScript Meetup, Silicon Valley Java User Group, Silicon Valley Google Developer Group, and Devoxx4Kids Bay Area.","userWebsite":"http://www.javaclimber.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1450],"slug":"kevin-nilson-823","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1450,"title":"Bringing Web content to the Big Screen with Google Cast","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Have you ever wanted to expand your web app to enable a multi-screen experience leveraging large display devices like a television? Google Cast allows you to share content with a Google Cast receiver device, such as a Chromecast. Google Cast web senders use the familiar controls of your desktop browser to control the experience of your application on the big screen. In this talk, Google Developer Advocate Kevin Nilson will talk about Chrome Sender App Development and HTML5/JavaScript Receiver Development. Kevin will also cover some of the best practices to keep your Cast experience simple, intuitive, and predictable.","descriptionShort":"Have you ever wanted to expand your web app to enable a multi-screen experience leveraging large display devices like a television? Google Cast allows you to share content with a Google Cast receiver device, such as a Chromecast. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1728,"sessionId":1450,"attendeeId":823,"attendees":{"id":823,"userFirstName":"Kevin","userLastName":"Nilson","twitterHandle":"javaclimber","facebookId":"javaclimber","linkedInId":"kevinnilson","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"Google","userBioShort":"Chromecast Technical Solutions Engineering Lead at Google, Java Champion, 3 time JavaOne Rock Star","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":903,"userLastName":"Kellner","userFirstName":"Peter","company":"73rd Street Associates","principleJob":".","twitterHandle":"pkellner","facebookId":"peterkellner99","linkedInId":"peterkellner","blueskyHandle":"@pkellner.bsky.social","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Peter Kellner, an open source developer, Pluralsight Author and part time conference organizer. He currently lives and bikes in the awesome community of Borrego Springs, Ca.","userWebsite":"peterkellner.net1","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3648],"slug":"peter-kellner-903","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":913,"userLastName":"Harrington","userFirstName":"Matt","company":"Self","principleJob":"Developer","twitterHandle":"mh415","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mbharrin","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Independent developer with an interest in mobile app development, scientific computing, and highly scalable systems.  Fan of C#, F#, C++, and the Phillies.","userWebsite":"http://github.com/MattHarrington","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1465,2604],"slug":"matt-harrington-913","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1465,"title":"Build a cross-platform enterprise LOB mobile app with offline sync","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"You're an enterprise, and you want to build a mobile LOB app for your employees.  However, you have an on-premises database, you want to authenticate against your own Active Directory domain, and you need your app to work even when users can't get on the network.  Oh, and it has to be on iOS, Android, and Windows.  Sounds like a tall order, but come to this talk to learn how to make all the pieces fit together using Azure Mobile Services, C#, and Xamarin.","descriptionShort":"Learn how to build enterprise LOB iOS, Android, and Windows Apps which use offline sync for intermittent connectivity.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1744,"sessionId":1465,"attendeeId":913,"attendees":{"id":913,"userFirstName":"Matt","userLastName":"Harrington","twitterHandle":"mh415","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mbharrin","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer","company":"Self","userBioShort":"Independent .NET and C++ developer","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2604,"title":"Azure for Open Source Developers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"What could Microsoft's cloud platform Azure do for open source developers?  As it turns out, lots.  Come see how to deploy your Node, Python, Java, and PHP apps to Azure Web Sites, a PaaS offering.  Learn how to use other Azure components such as storage, databases, queues, and more.  Want to run Linux virtual machines?  You can do that too.  All demos will be done from a Mac to prove that Azure is a great place for non-Windows developers too.","descriptionShort":"Learn how to use Node, Python, and other OSS technologies on Azure, Microsoft's cloud platform.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2901,"sessionId":2604,"attendeeId":913,"attendees":{"id":913,"userFirstName":"Matt","userLastName":"Harrington","twitterHandle":"mh415","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mbharrin","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer","company":"Self","userBioShort":"Independent .NET and C++ developer","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":921,"userLastName":"Vergis","userFirstName":"Ron","company":"Tinker Academy","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ronvergis","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Ron is passionate about teaching kids how to program. He thinks programming is as essential a skill in the 21st century, as reading, writing and math. Ron conducts programming classes through his company Tinker Academy. Tinker Academy offers classes in software programming to students in elementary and middle schools in and around Cupertino.","userWebsite":"www.facebook.com/pages/Tinker-Academy/1392825240938128","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2554],"slug":"ron-vergis-921","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2554,"title":"Kids @ Play - Build your first mobile game for the Google Play Store","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Bring your own laptop and an Android phone or tablet (optional) and join us in this fun hands-on interactive session. Follow along as we develop a mobile game using the Corona Game Engine and upload it to the Google Play Store. A Google Play Developer account is required for upload. Some prior programming experience such as Scratch Programming is expected.\n\nThe Corona Game Engine makes building mobile games kids play. Corona uses Lua as the scripting language and Box2D as the underlying physics engine. ","descriptionShort":"Bring your own laptop and an Android phone or tablet (optional) and join us in this fun hands-on interactive session. We will be developing a mobile game using the Corona Game Engine and upload it onto the Android App Store. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":50,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2838,"sessionId":2554,"attendeeId":921,"attendees":{"id":921,"userFirstName":"Ron","userLastName":"Vergis","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ronvergis","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"Tinker Academy","userBioShort":"Ron is passionate about teaching kids how to program. He thinks programming is as essential a skill in the 21st century, as reading, writing and math. Ron conducts programming classes through his company Tinker Academy. Tinker Academy offers classes in software programming to students in elementary and middle schools in and around Cupertino.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4603"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":953,"userLastName":"Campesato","userFirstName":"Oswald","company":"iQuarkt","principleJob":"Developer","twitterHandle":"@ocampesato","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Oswald is passionate about education: a former PhD Candidate in Mathematics (ABD), with 4 Masters and 2 Bachelors degrees. Previously he worked in South America, Italy, and the French Riviera, and he traveled to 70 countries around the world. He has worked from C/C++/Java developer to CTO, and currently working at SwiftBot. He's comfortable in 4 languages and trying to learn Japanese. He's a Series Editor for Mercury Learning and working on his 17th book.\n","userWebsite":"www.iquarkt.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1401],"slug":"oswald-campesato-953","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1401,"title":"Creating HTML5-based Apps for Wearable Technologies","approved":true,"allowHtml":"","description":"This session focuses on developing Glassware (apps for Google Glass) using the GDK and the Miror API. You'll learn about the MyGlass app and its ability to screencast from Glass, and how to pair Glass with an Android tablet and iOS devices.\n\nYou will see code samples from an upcoming Google Glass book (Q3/2014), such as CSS3 2D/3D graphics and animation effects, HTML5 Canvas, and D3, all of which will be deployed to a Glass device.\n\nIf time permits, some code samples for other wearable devices will be presented.\nThis session is intended for people who have some familiarity with HTML and Eclipse. Bring your Glass device (or share with someone) to derive the maximum benefit from the presentation, which concludes with a book raffle of recent books (published in 2013 and 2014 by Mercury Learning).\n","descriptionShort":"Learn how to create and deploy HTML5-based apps (CSS3/Canvas/D3/etc) to wearable technologies such as Google Glass.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/ocampesato/svcc-2014html5g-glass","lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1686,"sessionId":1401,"attendeeId":953,"attendees":{"id":953,"userFirstName":"Oswald","userLastName":"Campesato","twitterHandle":"@ocampesato","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer","company":"iQuarkt","userBioShort":"Oswald loves mobile/web development, obsessed with Japanese, and a bon vivant in Silicon Valley.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1078,"userLastName":"Briccetti","userFirstName":"Dave","company":"Dave Briccetti Software LLC","principleJob":"Software developer","twitterHandle":"dcbriccetti","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"davebriccetti","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Software developer with experience in Scala, Python, Java, Linux, networking, and user interfaces; and in many industries including videoconferencing, remote device control, finance, education, publishing, mechanical engineering, semiconductor manufacturing, defense, and telecommunications.\n\nProgramming teacher with many years of experience teaching from third grade to adult professional.","userWebsite":"davebsoft.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2547,2548],"slug":"dave-briccetti-1078","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2547,"title":"Programming a Graphical Web Game, Part 1","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Learn to program a graphical game that runs in a Web browser using JavaScript, the Phaser (http://phaser.io) gaming library, HTML and CSS. Grades 7 and up.\n\nSome things we will learn:\n\n• Moving a character using the keyboard\n\n• Having enemy characters\n\n• Having multiple game levels \n\n• Detecting collisions between characters\n\n• Playing music and sound effects\n\n• Realistic motion according to laws of physics\n","descriptionShort":"Learn to program a graphical game that runs in a Web browser using JavaScript, the Phaser (http://phaser.io) gaming library, HTML and CSS.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/svcc-gwg","lectureRoomsId":49,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2830,"sessionId":2547,"attendeeId":1078,"attendees":{"id":1078,"userFirstName":"Dave","userLastName":"Briccetti","twitterHandle":"dcbriccetti","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"davebriccetti","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software developer","company":"Dave Briccetti Software LLC","userBioShort":"Software developer and computer programming teacher for grades 3–12.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4602"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2548,"title":"Programming a Graphical Web Game, Part 2","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Learn to program a graphical game that runs in a Web browser using JavaScript, the Phaser (http://phaser.io) gaming library, HTML and CSS. Grades 7 and up.\n\nSome things we will learn:\n\n• Moving a character using the keyboard\n\n• Having enemy characters\n\n• Having multiple game levels \n\n• Detecting collisions between characters\n\n• Playing music and sound effects\n\n• Realistic motion according to laws of physics\n","descriptionShort":"Learn to program a graphical game that runs in a Web browser using JavaScript, the Phaser (http://phaser.io) gaming library, HTML and CSS.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/svcc-gwg","lectureRoomsId":49,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2831,"sessionId":2548,"attendeeId":1078,"attendees":{"id":1078,"userFirstName":"Dave","userLastName":"Briccetti","twitterHandle":"dcbriccetti","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"davebriccetti","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software developer","company":"Dave Briccetti Software LLC","userBioShort":"Software developer and computer programming teacher for grades 3–12.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4602"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1124,"userLastName":"Crockford","userFirstName":"Douglas","company":"Virgule-Solidus","principleJob":"Discoverer","twitterHandle":"douglas-does-not-tweet","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"crockford.bsky.social","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Douglas Crockford discovered the JSON Data Interchange Format. He is also the author of _JavaScript: The Good Parts_. He has been called a guru, but he is actually more of a mahatma.","userWebsite":"https://www.json.org/","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":1,"attendeesId":1124,"amazonBookNumber":"1949815005","bookTitle":"How JavaScript Works","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/511OicTFLQL._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/511OicTFLQL._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/511OicTFLQL.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2018-10-18T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-01T17:36:08.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-01T17:36:08.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1949815005?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Crockford, Douglas  "}],"sessionsList":[1416,3643],"slug":"douglas-crockford-1124","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1416,"title":"The Better Parts","approved":true,"allowHtml":"","description":"This talk is about using programming languages more effectively, and using that experience to create and select better programming languages. There are bad practices in software development that are so old and well established that it is difficult to recognize the problems they cause. There will be a review of the new good parts in ES6. JSON will also be mentioned.\n","descriptionShort":"This talk is about using programming languages more effectively, and using that experience to create and select better programming languages. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1695,"sessionId":1416,"attendeeId":1124,"attendees":{"id":1124,"userFirstName":"Douglas","userLastName":"Crockford","twitterHandle":"douglas-does-not-tweet","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"crockford.bsky.social","principleJob":"Discoverer","company":"Virgule-Solidus","userBioShort":"Douglas Crockford discovered the JSON Data Interchange Format. He is also the author of _JavaScript: The Good Parts_. He has been called a guru, but he is actually more of a mahatma.","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":1,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/511OicTFLQL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"How JavaScript Works","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1949815005?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2018-10-18T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Crockford, Douglas  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3643,"title":"Managing Programmers. Programmers are not like the other kids","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":" Techniques that are effective in managing other professions do not work on programmers. This talk is for managers who want to be better managers of programmers, and for programmers who want to help their managers to be better managers of programmers.","descriptionShort":" Techniques that are effective in managing other professions do not work on programmers. This talk is for managers who want to be better managers of programmers, and for programmers who want to help their managers to be better managers of programmers","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3943,"sessionId":3643,"attendeeId":1124,"attendees":{"id":1124,"userFirstName":"Douglas","userLastName":"Crockford","twitterHandle":"douglas-does-not-tweet","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"crockford.bsky.social","principleJob":"Discoverer","company":"Virgule-Solidus","userBioShort":"Douglas Crockford discovered the JSON Data Interchange Format. He is also the author of _JavaScript: The Good Parts_. He has been called a guru, but he is actually more of a mahatma.","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":1,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/511OicTFLQL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"How JavaScript Works","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1949815005?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2018-10-18T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Crockford, Douglas  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1269,"userLastName":"Gupta","userFirstName":"Arun","company":"Couchbase","principleJob":"Vice President, Developer Advocacy","twitterHandle":"arungupta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Arun Gupta is a Principal Open Source Technologist at Amazon Web Services. He has built and led developer communities for 12+ years at Sun, Oracle, Red Hat and Couchbase. He has deep expertise in leading cross-functional teams to develop and execute strategy, planning and execution of content, marketing campaigns, and programs. Prior to that he led engineering teams at Sun and is a founding member of the Java EE team.\n\nHe has extensive speaking experience in more than 40 countries on myriad topics and is a JavaOne Rock Star for four years in a row. Gupta also founded the Devoxx4Kids chapter in the US and continues to promote technology education among children. A prolific blogger, author of several books, an avid runner, a globe trotter, a Docker Captain, a Java Champion, a JUG leader, NetBeans Dream Team member, he is easily accessible at @arungupta.\n\n","userWebsite":"blog.arungupta.me","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":2,"attendeesId":1269,"amazonBookNumber":"1491918896","bookTitle":"Minecraft Modding with Forge: A Family-Friendly Guide to Building Fun Mods in Java","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2015-04-17T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-01T17:40:51.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-01T17:40:51.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1491918896?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Gupta, Arun  Gupta, Aditya  "},{"id":3,"attendeesId":1269,"amazonBookNumber":"1449370179","bookTitle":"Java EE 7 Essentials: Enterprise Developer Handbook","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2013-09-06T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-01T17:41:04.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-01T17:41:04.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1449370179?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Gupta, Arun  "}],"sessionsList":[1440,1441,2529,2557],"slug":"arun-gupta-1269","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1441,"title":"Java EE 7 development using Eclipse","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$d","descriptionShort":"Learn how to build a Java EE 7 application using Eclipse.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1719,"sessionId":1441,"attendeeId":1269,"attendees":{"id":1269,"userFirstName":"Arun","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"arungupta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Vice President, Developer Advocacy","company":"Couchbase","userBioShort":"Arun Gupta is a Principal Open Source Technologist at Amazon Web Services. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":2,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Minecraft Modding with Forge: A Family-Friendly Guide to Building Fun Mods in Java","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1491918896?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-04-17T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  Gupta, Aditya  "},{"id":3,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Java EE 7 Essentials: Enterprise Developer Handbook","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1449370179?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2013-09-06T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1440,"title":" All about WildFly, Only using demos","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$e","descriptionShort":"Learn the key features of WildFly using several live demos. Setting up 2-instance cluster, Role Based Access Control, powerful CLI administration, integration with NetBeans/Eclipse/IntelliJ, and a variety of others.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":8,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1718,"sessionId":1440,"attendeeId":1269,"attendees":{"id":1269,"userFirstName":"Arun","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"arungupta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Vice President, Developer Advocacy","company":"Couchbase","userBioShort":"Arun Gupta is a Principal Open Source Technologist at Amazon Web Services. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":2,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Minecraft Modding with Forge: A Family-Friendly Guide to Building Fun Mods in Java","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1491918896?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-04-17T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  Gupta, Aditya  "},{"id":3,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Java EE 7 Essentials: Enterprise Developer Handbook","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1449370179?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2013-09-06T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4302"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2529,"title":"Introductory Minecraft Modding with Forge - Part 1","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this session, you will learn the basics of making Minecraft mods using Forge. Server mods let you change the way the Minecraft server works. You can make bigger TNT explosions, change the sound of entities, make zombies drop diamonds, create new crafting and smelting recipe and much more. This session will cover the basics of setting setting up Forge environment and an introduction to creating mods. We will create a few plugins. Make sure to bring your laptop. The list of software will be provided a few days before the event.","descriptionShort":"In this session, you will learn the basics of making Minecraft mods using Forge. We will setup a basic development environment and create a few mods.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":45,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2841,"sessionId":2529,"attendeeId":11541,"attendees":{"id":11541,"userFirstName":"Aditya","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"aditya_g","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Student","company":"Devoxx4Kids","userBioShort":"Aditya Gupta is an twelve-year old boy who loves to play and modify Minecraft. He also has experience in many other types of programming like Scratch, Java, Greenfoot, and Android. He is the youngest speaker ever at the Community Keynote of JavaOne 2013 showing how pigs fly in using Eclipse in front of 1500+ Java developers. He builds and delivers workshops for Devoxx4Kids and excited to teach programming skills to young kids like him. He is also a Boy Scout and like to tinker with LEGOs.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":2844,"sessionId":2529,"attendeeId":1269,"attendees":{"id":1269,"userFirstName":"Arun","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"arungupta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Vice President, Developer Advocacy","company":"Couchbase","userBioShort":"Arun Gupta is a Principal Open Source Technologist at Amazon Web Services. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":2,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Minecraft Modding with Forge: A Family-Friendly Guide to Building Fun Mods in Java","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1491918896?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-04-17T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  Gupta, Aditya  "},{"id":3,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Java EE 7 Essentials: Enterprise Developer Handbook","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1449370179?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2013-09-06T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4501"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2557,"title":"Introductory Minecraft Modding with Forge - Part II","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this session, you will learn the basics of making Minecraft mods using Forge. Server mods let you change the way the Minecraft server works. You can make bigger TNT explosions, change the sound of entities, make zombies drop diamonds, create new crafting and smelting recipe and much more. This session will cover the basics of setting setting up Forge environment and an introduction to creating mods. We will create a few plugins. Make sure to bring your laptop. The list of software will be provided a few days before the event.","descriptionShort":"In this session, you will learn the basics of making Minecraft mods using Forge. We will setup a basic development environment and create a few plugins.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":45,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2842,"sessionId":2557,"attendeeId":11541,"attendees":{"id":11541,"userFirstName":"Aditya","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"aditya_g","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Student","company":"Devoxx4Kids","userBioShort":"Aditya Gupta is an twelve-year old boy who loves to play and modify Minecraft. He also has experience in many other types of programming like Scratch, Java, Greenfoot, and Android. He is the youngest speaker ever at the Community Keynote of JavaOne 2013 showing how pigs fly in using Eclipse in front of 1500+ Java developers. He builds and delivers workshops for Devoxx4Kids and excited to teach programming skills to young kids like him. He is also a Boy Scout and like to tinker with LEGOs.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":2843,"sessionId":2557,"attendeeId":1269,"attendees":{"id":1269,"userFirstName":"Arun","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"arungupta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Vice President, Developer Advocacy","company":"Couchbase","userBioShort":"Arun Gupta is a Principal Open Source Technologist at Amazon Web Services. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":2,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51IPe2snzaL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Minecraft Modding with Forge: A Family-Friendly Guide to Building Fun Mods in Java","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1491918896?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-04-17T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  Gupta, Aditya  "},{"id":3,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Ybanzo88L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Java EE 7 Essentials: Enterprise Developer Handbook","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1449370179?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2013-09-06T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Gupta, Arun  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4501"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1273,"userLastName":"Govil","userFirstName":"Alok","company":"","principleJob":"Technology Architect","twitterHandle":"@GovilAlok","facebookId":"alokgovil","linkedInId":"alokgovil","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"$f","userWebsite":"www.alokgovil.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2505],"slug":"alok-govil-1273","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2505,"title":"Introduction to Natural Language Processing (NLP)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Understanding (NLU) aim to make machines process human languages like English.  This session will provide a complete overview of the field from the basic structure of human languages to the state of the art.\n\nThe session will focus on (a) deep theoretical understanding instead of mere use of pre-existing NLP libraries, (b) natural language understanding aspects instead of keywords-based analysis or text classification, (c) processing of 'English' 'text' and not speech recognition/synthesis or language translation.\n\nWe will discuss NLP applications and challenges, language components, Chomsky’s hierarchy of grammars, parsing algorithms, word-sense disambiguation, logic and inference, language synthesis, and available test/training datasets.","descriptionShort":"Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Understanding (NLU) aim to make machines process human languages like English.  This session will provide a complete overview of the field from the basic structure of human languages to the state of the art.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.alokgovil.com/Presentations/Introduction-to-NLP.pdf","lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2785,"sessionId":2505,"attendeeId":1273,"attendees":{"id":1273,"userFirstName":"Alok","userLastName":"Govil","twitterHandle":"@GovilAlok","facebookId":"alokgovil","linkedInId":"alokgovil","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Technology Architect","company":"","userBioShort":"Alok Govil is a full-stack technology architect and entrepreneur spanning both software and hardware with specific expertise in natural language processing, neural networks, graph databases, computer vision, analog and digital circuit design, electronic displays, MEMS, and end-to-end systems engineering.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1405,"userLastName":"Jungeblut","userFirstName":"Theo","company":"AppDynamics","principleJob":"Sr. Director of Engineering","twitterHandle":"theojungeblut","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"theojungeblut","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Theo has been designing and implementing .NET based applications, components, and frameworks since .NET 1.0 with a focus on scalable and maintainable solutions.\n\nAccidentally, becoming a manager in 2012, Theo has embraced the engineering manager path currently working as a Senior Director of Engineering at AppDynamics. He contributed to the success of AppDynamics, scaling from 70 employees to over 2000 and being acquired three days before the IPO for $3.7B by Cisco.\n\nTheo's expertise is understanding systems, identifying patterns and defining and implementing best practices in software, architecture, or organization.","userWebsite":"www.designitright.net","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2610,2611,2612],"slug":"theo-jungeblut-1405","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2611,"title":"Clean Code I - Best Practices","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$10","descriptionShort":"Writing clean code already makes you more efficient during the initial development time & results in more stable code. We will review best practices which will make you write better and more easily maintainable code, seeing code in a holistic way. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2909,"sessionId":2611,"attendeeId":1405,"attendees":{"id":1405,"userFirstName":"Theo","userLastName":"Jungeblut","twitterHandle":"theojungeblut","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"theojungeblut","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Director of Engineering","company":"AppDynamics","userBioShort":"Theo builds things that work. SWE & Craftsman, Manager & Leader focusing on  continuous improvement.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2612,"title":"Clean Code II - Cut your Dependencies with Dependency Injection ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$11","descriptionShort":"We will dive into the basics of Inversion of Control (IOC) and Dependency Injection (DI) to review different ways of achieving decoupling, using and exploring both: Best Practices, Design and Anti Patterns. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2910,"sessionId":2612,"attendeeId":1405,"attendees":{"id":1405,"userFirstName":"Theo","userLastName":"Jungeblut","twitterHandle":"theojungeblut","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"theojungeblut","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Director of Engineering","company":"AppDynamics","userBioShort":"Theo builds things that work. SWE & Craftsman, Manager & Leader focusing on  continuous improvement.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2610,"title":"Accidentally Manager – A Survival Guide for First-Time Engineering Managers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session is about your career perspective as an engineer, especially when the path may take an “unexpected” turn from technical lead to first-time engineering manager. We will explore the differences between managing and leading, review different management styles, and discuss their impact on both the manager and the team member. Finally, we will find out why you do not want to treat everyone equally.\n\nI will share my personal experiences going from being one of the team to actually managing it: the pitfalls of suddenly being responsible for the team, typical problems surfacing, and how to avoid common mistakes. As part of the session, I would also like to share thoughts and considerations about which career path could be the right one for whom, and what the advantages and disadvantages are going one way or the other.\nThis is not a “You get it all from the expert”- session, but a session to share experiences and discuss how this fits to your career path.","descriptionShort":"This session is about your career perspective as an engineer, especially when the path may take an “unexpected” turn from technical lead to first-time engineering manager.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2908,"sessionId":2610,"attendeeId":1405,"attendees":{"id":1405,"userFirstName":"Theo","userLastName":"Jungeblut","twitterHandle":"theojungeblut","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"theojungeblut","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Director of Engineering","company":"AppDynamics","userBioShort":"Theo builds things that work. SWE & Craftsman, Manager & Leader focusing on  continuous improvement.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1419,"userLastName":"Chin","userFirstName":"Stephen","company":"Oracle","principleJob":"Lead Java Community Manager","twitterHandle":"steveonjava","facebookId":"steveonjava","linkedInId":"steveonjava","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Stephen Chin is a Java Ambassador at Oracle specializing in UI technology, co-author of the Pro JavaFX Platform 2 title, and the new JavaOne Content Chair. He can be followed on twitter @steveonjava, reached via his blog: http://steveonjava.com/, and his hacking adventures can be seen on: http://nighthacking.com/","userWebsite":"steveonjava.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1438,1439,1494,2542],"slug":"stephen-chin-1419","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1438,"title":"ZombieTime - JSR 310 for the Undead","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$12","descriptionShort":"Surviving as a zombie with the constant risks of sunlight, fire, and pesky mobs, can be deadly. Fortunately, with the new JavaFX ZombieTime app, powered by JSR 310, eradicating the human race with a highly infectious virus has never been easier!","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":8,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1716,"sessionId":1438,"attendeeId":1419,"attendees":{"id":1419,"userFirstName":"Stephen","userLastName":"Chin","twitterHandle":"steveonjava","facebookId":"steveonjava","linkedInId":"steveonjava","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lead Java Community Manager","company":"Oracle","userBioShort":"Stephen Chin is a Java Ambassador at Oracle specializing in UI technology, co-author of the Pro JavaFX Platform 2 title, and the new JavaOne Content Chair. He can be followed on twitter @steveonjava, reached via his blog: http://steveonjava.com/, and his hacking adventures can be seen on: http://nighthacking.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4302"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1439,"title":"IoT Magic Show","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"What do magicians and programmers have in common?  They are good at juggling, have very nimble fingertips, often make things vanish, and have lovely assistants!  Ok, so maybe not all of those describe your average hacker (unless your pair programmer partner happens to be Penny), but we are going to try to put on the most spectacular magic show that has ever been seen on the stage at a tech conference! [geeks only]\n\nAs proper geeks, we are going to make heavy use of embedded wearable and internet connected devices to make up for our lack of dexterity and supernatural powers.  Also, all tricks will be revealed with the designs available to reproduce in the spirit of open source and creative commons.  Come join us to see for yourself what real [hacker] magic looks like!","descriptionShort":"We are going to try to put on the most spectacular magic show that has ever been seen on the stage at a tech conference! [geeks only]","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1717,"sessionId":1439,"attendeeId":1419,"attendees":{"id":1419,"userFirstName":"Stephen","userLastName":"Chin","twitterHandle":"steveonjava","facebookId":"steveonjava","linkedInId":"steveonjava","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lead Java Community Manager","company":"Oracle","userBioShort":"Stephen Chin is a Java Ambassador at Oracle specializing in UI technology, co-author of the Pro JavaFX Platform 2 title, and the new JavaOne Content Chair. He can be followed on twitter @steveonjava, reached via his blog: http://steveonjava.com/, and his hacking adventures can be seen on: http://nighthacking.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1494,"title":"Raspberry Pi Gaming 4 Kids","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The Raspberry Pi is a credit-card sized computer designed specifically for teaching programming in schools. We will be using it in this session to explore basic programming concepts in the context of a simple computer game. Students will get a chance to assemble a mini computer from scratch, learn to use the command line to compile and execute programs, and to make small enhancements to an existing program. Raspberry Pi hardware will be supplied for use during the lab; however, you are encouraged to bring your own device that you can use at home after the lab to continue exploring and learning.","descriptionShort":"We will use the Raspberry Pi in this session to explore basic programming concepts in the context of a simple computer game. Students will get a chance to assemble it from scratch, learn to use the command line, and to make small game enhancements.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":46,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1773,"sessionId":1494,"attendeeId":1419,"attendees":{"id":1419,"userFirstName":"Stephen","userLastName":"Chin","twitterHandle":"steveonjava","facebookId":"steveonjava","linkedInId":"steveonjava","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lead Java Community Manager","company":"Oracle","userBioShort":"Stephen Chin is a Java Ambassador at Oracle specializing in UI technology, co-author of the Pro JavaFX Platform 2 title, and the new JavaOne Content Chair. He can be followed on twitter @steveonjava, reached via his blog: http://steveonjava.com/, and his hacking adventures can be seen on: http://nighthacking.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4502"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2542,"title":"Lego Mindstorms Programming 4 Kids","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Lego Mindstorms EV3 is a great way to introduce kids into the world of programming by controlling the physical world with their computers.  In this session we will be using the Java programming language to write simple algorithms that power windmills, drive cars, and draw pictures.  Students will get a chance to build projects from scratch with Lego bricks, deploy and run Java on the Mindstorms Intelligent Brick, and edit Java code on their laptops to make improvements to the projects.  Lego Mindstorms hardware will be supplied for use during the lab; however, students will receive a printed project guide and are encouraged to continue exploring and learning at home.","descriptionShort":"In this session we will be using the Java programming language to write simple algorithms that power windmills, drive cars, and draw pictures using Lego Mindstorms EV3.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":46,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2825,"sessionId":2542,"attendeeId":1419,"attendees":{"id":1419,"userFirstName":"Stephen","userLastName":"Chin","twitterHandle":"steveonjava","facebookId":"steveonjava","linkedInId":"steveonjava","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lead Java Community Manager","company":"Oracle","userBioShort":"Stephen Chin is a Java Ambassador at Oracle specializing in UI technology, co-author of the Pro JavaFX Platform 2 title, and the new JavaOne Content Chair. He can be followed on twitter @steveonjava, reached via his blog: http://steveonjava.com/, and his hacking adventures can be seen on: http://nighthacking.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4502"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1430,"userLastName":"Pandit","userFirstName":"Manish","company":"Marqeta","principleJob":"Director of Engineering","twitterHandle":"@lobster1234","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mpandit","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Manish is Director of Engineering at Marqeta, a FinTech startup, where he is responsible for the Hybrid Cloud Architecture and delivery for the Payments Platform.\n\nPrior to Marqeta, he has worked at Capital One, Netflix, IGN, E*Trade, and Accenture in various engineering leadership roles. He has spoken at various conferences and meetups in an around SF Bay Area, including JavaOne, OSCON, Silicon Valley Code Camp, and APICon SF.\n\nHe blogs at https://lobster1234.github.io","userWebsite":"https://lobster1234.github.io","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1431],"slug":"manish-pandit-1430","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1431,"title":"API Antipatterns: How to identify and avoid them","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"$13","descriptionShort":"In this talk I’ll discuss various antipatterns that creep into the API design and implementation, and how to identify and avoid them. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/lobster1234/silicon-valley-2014-api-antipatterns","lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1710,"sessionId":1431,"attendeeId":1430,"attendees":{"id":1430,"userFirstName":"Manish","userLastName":"Pandit","twitterHandle":"@lobster1234","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mpandit","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Director of Engineering","company":"Marqeta","userBioShort":"Manish is Director of Engineering at Marqeta, a FinTech startup based out of Oakland.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1434,"userLastName":"Wadehra","userFirstName":"Paras","company":"Kinvey","principleJob":"Solution Architect","twitterHandle":"@ParasWadehra","facebookId":"MSFTDev","linkedInId":"ParasWadehra","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Paras is a Microsoft MVP and Ambassador, an INETA Community Champion, an Experienced Speaker and a Vocal Developer Advocate. Paras is also a seasoned developer/architect with over 12 years of experience in the industry.","userWebsite":"http://twitter.com/ParasWadehra","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1472],"slug":"paras-wadehra-1434","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1472,"title":"UI and UX design principles to keep the user engaged within your mobile app","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session will provide insights into the world of apps and explore how to best engage the user within your app. You will learn about design principles that drive User Experience and make the user wanting to come back for more. The speaker will provide insights into lessons learned from his experience developing apps for mobile platforms.\n\nYou can find Paras Wadehra online at http://twitter.com/ParasWadehra or on his blog at http://ParasWadehra.blogspot.com\n","descriptionShort":"This session will provide insights into the world of apps and explore how to best engage the user within your app. The speaker will provide insights into lessons learned from his experience developing apps for mobile platforms.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1751,"sessionId":1472,"attendeeId":1434,"attendees":{"id":1434,"userFirstName":"Paras","userLastName":"Wadehra","twitterHandle":"@ParasWadehra","facebookId":"MSFTDev","linkedInId":"ParasWadehra","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Solution Architect","company":"Kinvey","userBioShort":"Paras is a Microsoft MVP and Ambassador, an INETA Community Champion, an Experienced Speaker and a Vocal Developer Advocate, along with being a Silicon Valley Code Camp veteran.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1533,"userLastName":"Shahan","userFirstName":"Robin","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Sr. Content Developer","twitterHandle":"RobinDotNet","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Robin has over 25 years of experience developing complex, business-critical applications for Fortune 100 companies. As President of Nightbird Consulting, she provided training and helped companies architect and develop scalable, efficient solutions utilizing the Azure platform. She is a 6-time Microsoft MVP, and now works for Microsoft as a Sr. Content Developer for Azure.\n\nRobin regularly speaks about Azure at various .NET User Groups and Code Camps and runs the San Francisco/Silicon Valley Azure meetup. She can be found on Twitter as @RobinDotNet, and you can read her articles about Azure (and other subjects) at http://robindotnet.wordpress.com.","userWebsite":"robindotnet.wordpress.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3614],"slug":"robin-shahan-1533","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3614,"title":"How to use the Azure File Service","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Come learn about the new Azure Files preview feature, which exposes file sharing using the standard SMB 2.1 protocol. Applications running in Azure can now easily share files between VMs using standard and familiar file system APIs like ReadFile and WriteFile. The files can also be accessed via a REST interface, which opens a variety of hybrid scenarios. Come learn about the features of this new service and how to use it.","descriptionShort":"Come learn about the new Azure Files preview feature and how to use it. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3912,"sessionId":3614,"attendeeId":1533,"attendees":{"id":1533,"userFirstName":"Robin","userLastName":"Shahan","twitterHandle":"RobinDotNet","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Content Developer","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Robin Shahan is a Sr. Content Developer for Microsoft for Azure","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":1995,"userLastName":"Massi","userFirstName":"Beth","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Program Manager - Visual Studio","twitterHandle":"@BethMassi","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"I'm a Senior Program Manager on the .NET team at Microsoft. I'm a community champion for .NET and open source developers and a Technical Evangelist for the .NET Foundation. Follow me on twitter @BethMassi","userWebsite":"www.bethmassi.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2594,2595],"slug":"beth-massi-1995","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2595,"title":"Building Apps with the Office 365 API Client Libraries","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Office 365 provides REST-based APIs that enable developers to access Office resources such as calendar, contacts, mail, files, and more. Using the new .NET and JavaScript client libraries and tools for Visual Studio provides easy access to these Office 365 APIs.\n\nIn this talk, Beth will show you how to use the Office 365 API client tools for Visual Studio to build on a variety of applications and platforms from traditional Windows desktop to Android and iOS using Xamarin.","descriptionShort":"In this talk, you will see you how to use the Office 365 API client tools for Visual Studio to build on a variety of applications and platforms from traditional Windows desktop to Android using Xamarin.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":4,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2885,"sessionId":2595,"attendeeId":1995,"attendees":{"id":1995,"userFirstName":"Beth","userLastName":"Massi","twitterHandle":"@BethMassi","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Program Manager - Visual Studio","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"I'm a Senior Program Manager on the .NET team at Microsoft and a community champion for OSS & .NET ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4203"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2594,"title":"Developing Office 365 Cloud Business Apps with Visual Studio","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Office 365 is an ideal business app platform providing a core set of services expected in today’s business apps like collaboration, presence and integrated workflows, and a central location for installing, discovering and managing the apps. Office 365 makes these business apps available where users already spend their time – in SharePoint & Office. Visual Studio 2013 streamlines the way developers build modern business applications for Office 365 and SharePoint 2013 with the Office 365 Cloud Business App project. In this demo-heavy session, you will see the latest enhancements we’ve made that allow developers to build connected, touch-centric, cross-platform, HTML5-based business applications for Office 365.","descriptionShort":"In this demo-heavy session, you will see the latest enhancements we’ve made in Visual Studio that allow developers to build connected, touch-centric, cross-platform, HTML5-based business applications for Office 365.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Build/2014/3-573","lectureRoomsId":4,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2884,"sessionId":2594,"attendeeId":1995,"attendees":{"id":1995,"userFirstName":"Beth","userLastName":"Massi","twitterHandle":"@BethMassi","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Program Manager - Visual Studio","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"I'm a Senior Program Manager on the .NET team at Microsoft and a community champion for OSS & .NET ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4203"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2000,"userLastName":"Bell","userFirstName":"Ward","company":"IdeaBlade","principleJob":"Opinionator","twitterHandle":"wardbell","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Ward is president of IdeaBlade, a consulting and product company, makers of BreezeJS. Ward is currently Editor-in-Chief of Google's Angular 2 documentation. He's a Google GDE and Microsoft MVP","userWebsite":"www.neverindoubtnet.blogspot.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3657,3658],"slug":"ward-bell-2000","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3658,"title":"Get MEAN! MongoDb + express + angular + node","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Discover these four technologies and how they combine in a web app written entirely in JavaScript. This is an orientation, made tangible through exploration of “Zza”, an online pizza parlor app.<p>“Zza” is available on github for later study at your leisure.</p>\n","descriptionShort":"Discover these four technologies and how they combine in a web app written entirely in JavaScript. This is an orientation, made tangible through exploration of “Zza”, an online pizza parlor app.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3970,"sessionId":3658,"attendeeId":2000,"attendees":{"id":2000,"userFirstName":"Ward","userLastName":"Bell","twitterHandle":"wardbell","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Opinionator","company":"IdeaBlade","userBioShort":"Ward is president of IdeaBlade consultants & makers of BreezeJS. GDE, MS MVP, Angular expert","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3657,"title":"AngularJS app testing for real","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Let Ward show you how he writes automated tests for Angular apps. He’ll opine on what to test … so you build confidence that the application works without driving yourself nuts. He’ll demonstrate testing techniques to overcome certain well-known hurdles (including async) and explains how ngMocks work.  \n\nWe’ll be going beyond the basics. This isn’t an introduction to testing or Jasmine or Angular or JavaScript. But you should be fine if you’re ready for adventure and willing to ask questions.","descriptionShort":"AngularJS app testing made (kind of) easy. Ward demonstrates testing techniques to overcome certain well-known hurdles and explains how ngMocks work.  ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3969,"sessionId":3657,"attendeeId":2000,"attendees":{"id":2000,"userFirstName":"Ward","userLastName":"Bell","twitterHandle":"wardbell","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Opinionator","company":"IdeaBlade","userBioShort":"Ward is president of IdeaBlade consultants & makers of BreezeJS. GDE, MS MVP, Angular expert","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2002,"userLastName":"van Zijst","userFirstName":"Erik","company":"Bitbucket","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@erikvanzijst","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"erikvanzijst","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$14","userWebsite":"https://github.com/erikvanzijst","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2506],"slug":"erik-van-zijst-2002","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2506,"title":"SaaS Workflows & Git Best Practices","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$15","descriptionShort":"For developers and build engineers looking to migrate to Git or who feel that they're not getting the most out of their workflow.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2786,"sessionId":2506,"attendeeId":16239,"attendees":{"id":16239,"userFirstName":"Tim","userLastName":"Pettersen","twitterHandle":"@kannonboy","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/pub/tim-pettersen/4/397/583","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Provacateur","company":"Atlassian","userBioShort":"Tim Pettersen, Developer Provocateur, is a veteran Java developer for Atlassian.  Tim has focused on working on JIRA, Stash and other tools, but also claims the first commit to Stash, Atlassian's enterprise Git repository management tool.  Tim believes all software, particularly developer tools, should be built with extensibility in mind. \n\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":4002,"sessionId":2506,"attendeeId":2002,"attendees":{"id":2002,"userFirstName":"Erik","userLastName":"van Zijst","twitterHandle":"@erikvanzijst","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"erikvanzijst","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Bitbucket","userBioShort":"Erik has been a passionate software professional for more than 15 years, subscribing to the idea that software is a craft, not an exact science.  Launching his career in his native Amsterdam in 1999, he served as chief architect for a financial market data startup until it was acquired in 2006, designing and coding both a real-time European-wide IP distribution platform for stock quotes, as well as a stock and options trading platform.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2039,"userLastName":"Kleinschmidt","userFirstName":"Joseph","company":"Obindo","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Joe Kleinschmidt is the Chief Technology Officer for Leverage Software, an online community and social networking platform used by companies such as Microsoft, Sun, Oracle, Salesforce.com, and many others. Before co-founding Leverage, Joe worked with a variety of firms from small software start-ups to larger organizations such as Lucent and Macromedia. Joe's past experience includes developing software used by traders on the Chicago Board of Trade, building drug screening software for pharmaceutical researchers, and working with energy companies on their technology needs in the face of deregulation. Joe is based in San Francisco. \n","userWebsite":"www.leveragesoftware.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3648],"slug":"joseph-kleinschmidt-2039","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":2059,"userLastName":"Malla","userFirstName":"Ratnakar","company":"Scanadu","principleJob":"Head - Data Engineering & Cloud Services","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"rmalla","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"I am a Principal Architect at Scanadu, responsible for Data Engineering and Cloud Services. Previously, I worked on security and performance issues for Covered California. Before that, I was Director,platform engineering for a healthcare analytics company in the Silicon Valley. I have over 10 years experience working with Java, J2EE technologies. I am on constant lookout for new technologies which might be useful in the healthcare industry.","userWebsite":"www.getinsured.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2559],"slug":"ratnakar-malla-2059","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2559,"title":"Solving performance problems on Java web applications - Our experiences","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"I will be sharing  my experiences  supporting millions of users on Covered California site. \nWe will discuss tools of the trade like New Relic, Eclipse MAT and JRockit Flight Recordings (JFRs), Oracle AWR. \nIdentifying memory leaks and continuous profiling of running applications in production environments will also be discussed","descriptionShort":"Tune Java web applications. identify and solve performance issues.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://rmalla.svbtle.com/silicon-valley-code-camp-2014-presentation","lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2846,"sessionId":2559,"attendeeId":2059,"attendees":{"id":2059,"userFirstName":"Ratnakar","userLastName":"Malla","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"rmalla","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Head - Data Engineering & Cloud Services","company":"Scanadu","userBioShort":"I am a Principal Architect at Scanadu, responsible for Data Engineering and Cloud Services. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2505,"userLastName":"Halliburton","userFirstName":"Ansel","company":"Halliburton Legal","principleJob":"Lawyer","twitterHandle":"anseljh","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"anseljh","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Ansel Halliburton is a startup and technology lawyer. Ansel has experience starting companies, advising startups on tricky legal issues, and litigating intellectual property and business disputes. He's also a programmer (since age 10), and helped build a database of all US patent litigation.","userWebsite":"https://halliburtonlegal.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1497],"slug":"ansel-halliburton-2505","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1497,"title":"Don't Screw Up Your Licensing","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Learn how to avoid licensing pitfalls from an experienced programmer-turned-lawyer. Starting an open source project but confused by all the licenses? You'll walk out of this session understanding the main differences. Worried about the GPL? Relax, you'll figure that out too. Not sure how to apply your license once you pick it? We'll walk through the entire process and apply a license to some real code.","descriptionShort":"Learn how to avoid licensing pitfalls from an experienced programmer-turned-lawyer.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://bitly.com/DSUYL","lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1776,"sessionId":1497,"attendeeId":2505,"attendees":{"id":2505,"userFirstName":"Ansel","userLastName":"Halliburton","twitterHandle":"anseljh","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"anseljh","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lawyer","company":"Halliburton Legal","userBioShort":"Software, IP, and open source lawyer; hacker since age 10.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2867,"userLastName":"Paolini","userFirstName":"Massimo","company":"The Spectrum Group Online LLC","principleJob":"CEO & Data Scientist","twitterHandle":"@massimopaolini","facebookId":"massimopaolini","linkedInId":"massimopaolini","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Massimo Paolini is the founder and CEO of The Spectrum Group Online, a web marketing business based in Silicon Valley. He speaks at various organizations on the power of SEO and works with several businesses around the country to increase their web presence, understand their site traffic, and improve profitability.\n\nWhen not working, he is lecturing his 10-year-old son on the value of tetherball twitter.","userWebsite":"http://online-sales-marketing.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2582],"slug":"massimo-paolini-2867","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2582,"title":"Keyword Research Under a Microscope: Advanced SEO Techniques","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session focuses on the applied science of SEO. It gets into the nitty-gritty of search optimization fundamentals including keyword research and analysis. Key takeaways include:\n* Understanding SEO’s two audiences\n* 4 Phases of Keyword Research\n* Applying Keyword Research to Website Architecture \n","descriptionShort":"This session focuses on the applied science of SEO. It gets into the nitty-gritty of search optimization fundamentals including keyword research and analysis. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2870,"sessionId":2582,"attendeeId":2867,"attendees":{"id":2867,"userFirstName":"Massimo","userLastName":"Paolini","twitterHandle":"@massimopaolini","facebookId":"massimopaolini","linkedInId":"massimopaolini","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO & Data Scientist","company":"The Spectrum Group Online LLC","userBioShort":"Massimo Paolini is the CEO of The Spectrum Group Online, a digital marketing agency.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2872,"userLastName":"Boesch","userFirstName":"Stephen","company":"Intuit","principleJob":"Scala/Spark/Machine Learning Developer","twitterHandle":"scaladba","facebookId":"javadba","linkedInId":"javadba","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"I am a developer focusing on scalable apps for data pipelines and machine learning on Hadoop and Spark infrastructures.  My background is in Java/Oracle/ETL from 1996 until 2011, at which point I started to focus on Hadoop, Spark and Scala. My work has been at a mix of the familiar large Internet/Systems company names and startups. ","userWebsite":"thirdeyecss.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2551],"slug":"stephen-boesch-2872","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2551,"title":"An Introduction to using Apache Spark for Machine Learning ","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"$16","descriptionShort":"Apache Spark is a fast distributed processing engine written in Scala and running atop Hadoop. This talk will describe the Spark MLLib library and then dive in to coding examples in Classification, Clustering, and Feature Selection","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.docdroid.net/jnye/introtomlusingsparkatsvcc.pdf.html","lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2835,"sessionId":2551,"attendeeId":2872,"attendees":{"id":2872,"userFirstName":"Stephen","userLastName":"Boesch","twitterHandle":"scaladba","facebookId":"javadba","linkedInId":"javadba","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Scala/Spark/Machine Learning Developer","company":"Intuit","userBioShort":"I am a developer focusing on scalable data pipelines and machine learning apps on Spark and Hadoop ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2920,"userLastName":"Lichty","userFirstName":"Ron","company":"Ron Lichty Consulting, Inc.","principleJob":"Consultant: Interim VP Engineering","twitterHandle":"@RonLichty","facebookId":"RonLichty","linkedInId":"ronlichty","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$17","userWebsite":"www.ronlichty.com ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":7,"attendeesId":2920,"amazonBookNumber":"0893037893","bookTitle":"Programming the 65816: Including the 6502, 65C02, and 65802","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51dUrgiVgHL._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51dUrgiVgHL._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51dUrgiVgHL.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2015-11-04T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-01T20:39:08.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-01T20:39:08.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"999","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/0893037893?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Eyes, David  Lichty, Ron  "},{"id":28,"attendeesId":2920,"amazonBookNumber":"B08126W99D","bookTitle":"Managing the Unmanageable: Rules, Tools, and Insights for Managing Software People and Teams","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51zR-UB5QsL._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51zR-UB5QsL._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51zR-UB5QsL.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2019-11-12T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-12-29T19:52:57.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-12-29T19:52:57.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"110","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08126W99D?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Mantle, Mickey W.  Lichty, Ron  "}],"sessionsList":[1452,1464],"slug":"ron-lichty-2920","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1464,"title":"How Do Teams Reach High Performance?","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"$18","descriptionShort":"This year Greg Geracie and Ron Lichty will present key findings from the 2014 global study of product team performance. Join us! Learn how you can improve your product team's performance! ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1742,"sessionId":1464,"attendeeId":8684,"attendees":{"id":8684,"userFirstName":"Greg","userLastName":"Geracie","twitterHandle":"@greggeracie","facebookId":"ActuationConsulting","linkedInId":"greg-geracie","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President","company":"Actuation Consulting","userBioShort":"Greg Geracie is a recognized thought leader in the field of product management. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":1743,"sessionId":1464,"attendeeId":2920,"attendees":{"id":2920,"userFirstName":"Ron","userLastName":"Lichty","twitterHandle":"@RonLichty","facebookId":"RonLichty","linkedInId":"ronlichty","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant: Interim VP Engineering","company":"Ron Lichty Consulting, Inc.","userBioShort":"Interim VP Eng. Transforming chaos to clarity. Author, Managing the Unmanageable (Addison Wesley) ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":7,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51dUrgiVgHL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Programming the 65816: Including the 6502, 65C02, and 65802","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/0893037893?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-11-04T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Eyes, David  Lichty, Ron  "},{"id":28,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51zR-UB5QsL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Managing the Unmanageable: Rules, Tools, and Insights for Managing Software People and Teams","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08126W99D?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2019-11-12T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Mantle, Mickey W.  Lichty, Ron  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1452,"title":"If We Are Agile, Why Do We Need Managers?","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"$19","descriptionShort":"CTO-to-go. Untangling the knots in development.  Co-author: Study of Product Team Performance; and Managing the Unmanageable: Rules, Tools, and Insights for Managing Software People and Teams (Addison-Wesley, http://www.managingtheunmanageable.net/ )","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.managingtheunmanageable.net/resources.html#slidesets","lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1730,"sessionId":1452,"attendeeId":2920,"attendees":{"id":2920,"userFirstName":"Ron","userLastName":"Lichty","twitterHandle":"@RonLichty","facebookId":"RonLichty","linkedInId":"ronlichty","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant: Interim VP Engineering","company":"Ron Lichty Consulting, Inc.","userBioShort":"Interim VP Eng. Transforming chaos to clarity. Author, Managing the Unmanageable (Addison Wesley) ","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":7,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51dUrgiVgHL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Programming the 65816: Including the 6502, 65C02, and 65802","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/0893037893?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-11-04T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Eyes, David  Lichty, Ron  "},{"id":28,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51zR-UB5QsL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Managing the Unmanageable: Rules, Tools, and Insights for Managing Software People and Teams","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08126W99D?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2019-11-12T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Mantle, Mickey W.  Lichty, Ron  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2925,"userLastName":"Sabat","userFirstName":"Sunil","company":"BigID","principleJob":"Senior Director","twitterHandle":"@ssabat","facebookId":"Sunil Sabat","linkedInId":"sunilsabat","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":" I like code camp where I can experience many technologies in demo, speeches etc. I am Microsoft Certified Professional, CompTIA and IBM certified. I have MBA from Santa Clara. I have worked at Intel, IBM and other start-ups that went IPO or got acquired. I am always eager about NEXT FRONTIER in products/solutions that would change the world. Now, I work at Informatica Corp. My role is to work with my partners and help develop our  products with combined technologies for best user experience.","userWebsite":"www.linkedin.com/in/sunilsabat ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1493],"slug":"sunil-sabat-2925","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1493,"title":"Developing Real Time Recommendation Engine","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this session, you will learn about real time recommendation engines in general. First, we will discuss few use cases to start the session. We will review types of recommendation engines.  Will  introduce KIJI Framework used to develop recommendation engines. Will cover KIJI schema and software stack in detail and GitHub code repository. Will demonstrate how to use KIJI to develop your own recommendation engines. For beginners, we will quickly review Hadoop Framework as well. In the end, you will learn how we can use open source software to develop real time recommendation engines.","descriptionShort":"Based on Hadoop framework, Models, Statistics and Machine Learning, KIJI is a powerful  framework to develop real time recommendation engines. In this session, let us learn it in detail and discuss use cases. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":7,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1772,"sessionId":1493,"attendeeId":2925,"attendees":{"id":2925,"userFirstName":"Sunil","userLastName":"Sabat","twitterHandle":"@ssabat","facebookId":"Sunil Sabat","linkedInId":"sunilsabat","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Director","company":"BigID","userBioShort":"I am principal technical alliance manager at Informatica. I have presented paper at Silicon Valley Code Camp. I also offer big data training and blog at bigdataknowhow.weebly.com. I am MS(Comp Eng.), MS( Comp. Sc) and MBA. My passion is to learn new software and hardware technologies and solve practical use cases for the benefit of businesses, governments and people in general. I want to give back to community in many ways I can. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4202"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":2978,"userLastName":"Coupal","userFirstName":"Daniel","company":"MongoDB","principleJob":"Technical Service Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"daniel-coupal","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Daniel Coupal has over 20 years of experience in the software industry, with positions ranging from developer, consultant, support engineer and manager of different teams like product development, QA and tools.\nDaniel currently work at MongoDB, helping thousands of customers being successful in using MongoDB.","userWebsite":"www.mongodb.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2575],"slug":"daniel-coupal-2978","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2575,"title":"Advanced MongoDB","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"You have been using MongoDB for a while, however you might not have all the knowledge to ensure you have an easy deployment with minimal production issues.\nThis session will go over all recommended practices for a healthy MongoDB deployment.\nWe will also go through MongoDB Management System and showcase how you use this application to scale and manage your MongoDB clusters. \nWe will draw examples from our experience helping hundreds of customers run MongoDB in production.","descriptionShort":"This session will go over all recommended practices for a healthy MongoDB deployment.\nWe will draw examples from my experience helping hundreds of customers run MongoDB in production.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://tinyurl.com/lsxdsze","lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2863,"sessionId":2575,"attendeeId":2978,"attendees":{"id":2978,"userFirstName":"Daniel","userLastName":"Coupal","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"daniel-coupal","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Technical Service Engineer","company":"MongoDB","userBioShort":"Daniel Coupal has over 20 years of experience in the software industry.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":3073,"userLastName":"Agarwal","userFirstName":"Rahul","company":"Emergent Payments","principleJob":"Engineering","twitterHandle":"@whatsrahulhatin","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"rahulaga","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Developer with experience in Java, OSGi, Spring, Hibernate, highly scalable and highly transactional systems, RESTful APIs, E-Commerce and Micro-transaction systems. Part-time instructor at UCSC Silicon Valley and Foothill College. Expertise in backend systems but I have also played with Android and Glass. ","userWebsite":"irahul.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1424],"slug":"rahul-agarwal-3073","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1424,"title":"Creating REST services with JAX-RS","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"<p>If you are creating REST APIs in Java then JAX-RS is the standard. We will briefly talk about the HTTP protocol and what REST is and then create some APIs. We will use Spring/Maven to put it together and deploy in Tomcat. This is a small part of a class I teach at UCSC Silicon Valley.</p>\n\n<p>Some code we will review is at <a href=\"https://github.com/rahulaga/code-camp\">https://github.com/rahulaga/code-camp</a></p>","descriptionShort":"We will look at how to create some simple APIs using JAX-RS (RESTEasy and Spring) and deploy to Tomcat.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/rahulaga/code-camp","lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1703,"sessionId":1424,"attendeeId":3073,"attendees":{"id":3073,"userFirstName":"Rahul","userLastName":"Agarwal","twitterHandle":"@whatsrahulhatin","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"rahulaga","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Engineering","company":"Emergent Payments","userBioShort":"Java based backend services engineer with an interest in random things.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":3608,"userLastName":"Mackenzie","userFirstName":"Neil","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Cloud Solution Architect","twitterHandle":"@mknz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"neilmackenziesfo","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Neil Mackenzie is a Cloud Solution Architect at Microsoft. He has been using Microsoft Azure since PDC 2008. Neil wrote the Microsoft Windows Azure Development Cookbook (1st ed.) for Packt Publishing. He was a Microsoft MVP for Windows Azure.","userWebsite":"aka.ms/csablog","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2550],"slug":"neil-mackenzie-3608","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2550,"title":"Azure Virtual Machines (IaaS in the Microsoft cloud)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Microsoft Azure Virtual Machines is the IaaS offering in the Azure Platform. It supports the deployment of both Windows Server and Linux VMs workloads into an Azure datacenter. Azure Virtual Machines can be used to create sophisticated applications that take advantage of the scalability and availability features provided by Azure. In this session, Neil will provide an in-depth review of Azure Virtual Machines and describe some best practices in deploying applications into Azure Virtual Machines.","descriptionShort":"Microsoft Azure Virtual Machines is the IaaS offering in the Azure Platform. In this session, Neil will provide an in-depth review of Azure Virtual Machines and describe some best practices in deploying applications into Azure Virtual Machines.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2834,"sessionId":2550,"attendeeId":3608,"attendees":{"id":3608,"userFirstName":"Neil","userLastName":"Mackenzie","twitterHandle":"@mknz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"neilmackenziesfo","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Cloud Solution Architect","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Neil Mackenzie is a Cloud Solution Architect at Microsoft.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":3701,"userLastName":"Nguyen","userFirstName":"Tam","company":"TiVo, Inc.","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomwyn","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Tâm is a software architect and an e-learning connoisseur.  He has over 20 years of experience in software development, specializing in web development and tools integration.  He has a passion for education, continuously learning and sharing his knowledge and experience with others.  He loves to teach kids programming.","userWebsite":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomwyn","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2538],"slug":"tam-nguyen-3701","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2538,"title":"GameMaker Studio: Easy Game Development for All Ages","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$1a","descriptionShort":"You will be introduced to GameMaker Studio drag and drop functionality with brief exposure to scripting.  In the process, you will learn how to create a \"game plan\", identifying the game assets and objects, and designing behaviors and interactions.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/codecamp14-gamemaker","lectureRoomsId":50,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2821,"sessionId":2538,"attendeeId":3701,"attendees":{"id":3701,"userFirstName":"Tam","userLastName":"Nguyen","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomwyn","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"TiVo, Inc.","userBioShort":"Tâm is a software architect and an e-learning connoisseur.  He loves to teach kids programming.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4603"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":3768,"userLastName":"Maloney","userFirstName":"Bernie","company":"Greenfieldz","principleJob":"Agile Coach","twitterHandle":"@berniemaloney","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"berniemaloney","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"I lead.  For fun.\n\nI'm an international speaker, coach, and trainer who's helped grow businesses from break even to beyond $100M. Over the past 15 years I've led businesses & programs using Agile & Waterfall in both software and hardware, B2B and B2C.  Currently, I'm working with teams running Kanban and Scrum while advancing Lean practices. I love helping organizations bring order out of chaos, turning strategies into results. ","userWebsite":"http://about.me/berniemaloney","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1410,1411],"slug":"bernie-maloney-3768","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1411,"title":"Agile at Enterprise Scale: Flipping Sticky Bits","approved":true,"allowHtml":"","description":"Want to build a high performing business at enterprise scale? Agile thrives with individual teams, yet even Ken Schwaber asserts 75% of organizations using scrum won't succeed in getting the benefits they hope for from it. Many such organizations have been structured by default along hierarchical lines, rather than by design for iterative work. A set of established and emerging ideas to address organizational impediments point to a future where Agile introductions Go Big, rather than Go Home. Not simply theory, this session will overlay these ideas onto a real world example of a hw/sw business that scaled from break even to $1B+ in 4y. Come learn which Sticky Bits to Flip to successfully run Agile at Enterprise Scale.","descriptionShort":"Want to Grow High Performing Agile Teams? To Enterprise Scale? Learn the Sticky Bits to address for success.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://slidesha.re/15OnhuG","lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1691,"sessionId":1411,"attendeeId":3768,"attendees":{"id":3768,"userFirstName":"Bernie","userLastName":"Maloney","twitterHandle":"@berniemaloney","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"berniemaloney","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Agile Coach","company":"Greenfieldz","userBioShort":"I lead.  For fun.\n\nWith self-directed teams, I've grown businesses from break even to beyond $100M.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1410,"title":"Create Influence, On Demand","approved":true,"allowHtml":"","description":"Who do you know who might know someone who could SEE a benefit in CLEARLY sharing their ideas? Or, do you simply wish you could persuade stormtroopers these are not the 'droids they're looking for?\nWould you like to influence how others perceive you when networking, leading teams or interviewing? In this interactive (that means audience participation!) session we’ll cover: \n\n* Why this works \n* Simple, verbal techniques to build rapport fast \n* Practice on how to build and break rapport (helpful to keep discussions concise!)\n\nCome learn some simple, yet subtle techniques to shift communication effectiveness by a factor of 5 or more. And while participants are advised away from initial use with stormtroopers, VCs, angels, executives and clients are fair game.","descriptionShort":"Want Jedi like leadership?  & success w/o a lightsabre? Learn to Create Influence, On Demand","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://slidesha.re/18Coqm3","lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1690,"sessionId":1410,"attendeeId":3768,"attendees":{"id":3768,"userFirstName":"Bernie","userLastName":"Maloney","twitterHandle":"@berniemaloney","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"berniemaloney","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Agile Coach","company":"Greenfieldz","userBioShort":"I lead.  For fun.\n\nWith self-directed teams, I've grown businesses from break even to beyond $100M.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4087,"userLastName":"Chen","userFirstName":"Doris","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"@doristchen","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Dr. Doris Chen is a Senior Technology Evangelist at Microsoft specialized in web technologies (HTML5, jQuery, JavaScript, Windows 8,and Java) with over 15 years of experience in the software industry. She speaks to numerous international conferences and user groups including HTML5 Dev Conference, O’Reilly Fluent, OSCON, WebVisions, and JavaOne. Doris received her Ph.D. from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) in computer engineering, specializing in medical informatics. ","userWebsite":"https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/dorischen/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2525,3630],"slug":"doris-chen-4087","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2525,"title":"Practical Performance Tips & Tricks: Make Your HTML/JavaScript Apps Faster","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"How to tackle real-world web platform performance problems in modern websites and apps? This session starts with a basic understanding of the web platform and then explores to a set of problem/solution pairs built from industry-standard performance guidance. In the talk, we will demonstrate performance tips and tricks that will help you improve the performance of your apps and sites today.  We will discuss the following respond to network requests, speed and responsiveness, optimizing media usage, and writing fast JavaScript. These performance tips and tricks apply equally to web sites that run on standards based web browsers, as well as to modern apps.  ","descriptionShort":"We will demonstrate performance tips and tricks that will help you improve the performance of your apps and sites. Discuss the following respond to network requests, speed and responsiveness, optimizing media usage, and writing fast JavaScript. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":35,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2807,"sessionId":2525,"attendeeId":4087,"attendees":{"id":4087,"userFirstName":"Doris","userLastName":"Chen","twitterHandle":"@doristchen","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Dr. Doris Chen is a Senior Technology Evangelist at Microsoft specialized in web technologies.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8402"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3630,"title":"Angular or Backbone: Go Mobile!","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Angular or Backbone, which one you will use in your mobile app?  How could you develop a mobile app across iOS, Android or windows devices?  This talk will take an intimate look at two of today’s most popular frameworks, Angular and Backbone and explore their differences.  We’ll show how Apache Cordova opens the world of mobile app development to web developers. In the session, we will demonstrate a “To Do” app using Angular and Backbone, with access to native device capabilities. We’ll compare the frameworks when transported to the world of mobile app development. Along the way, you'll also learn what kind of apps are best-suited for the hybrid architecture and when to make the switch from web app to mobile app.","descriptionShort":"This talk will take an intimate look at two of today’s most popular frameworks, Angular and Backbone and explore their differences. We will demonstrate a “To Do” mobile app using Angular and Backbone, with access to native device capabilities.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3928,"sessionId":3630,"attendeeId":4087,"attendees":{"id":4087,"userFirstName":"Doris","userLastName":"Chen","twitterHandle":"@doristchen","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Dr. Doris Chen is a Senior Technology Evangelist at Microsoft specialized in web technologies.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3982,"sessionId":3630,"attendeeId":21118,"attendees":{"id":21118,"userFirstName":"Ryan","userLastName":"Salva","twitterHandle":"@ryanjsalva","facebookId":"ryanjsalva","linkedInId":"ryanjsalva","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Program Manager Lead","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Ryan is a Principal Program Manager on the Visual Studio Client Tools team at Microsoft where he looks after HTML, CSS and JavaScript development. Today, he focuses primarily on mobile app development using web technologies and Apache Cordova. However, he comes from a 14 year career in web standards development & advocacy as an entrepreneur, developer and graphic designer. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4121,"userLastName":"Patryshev","userFirstName":"Vlad","company":"HealthExpense","principleJob":"lead swe","twitterHandle":"vpatryshev","facebookId":"vpatryshev","linkedInId":"vpatryshev","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Born in Arkhangelsk, Russia; studied in St.Petersburg. Married. 2 grown-up children.\nLiving in San Jose. Riding a road bike on weekends.\n\nhttps://github.com/vpatryshev\npresheaf.com\nivan_gandhi.livejournal.com\n\n","userWebsite":"http://vpatryshev.blogspot.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2579],"slug":"vlad-patryshev-4121","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2579,"title":"Manipulating Properties in Scala. Why Flat Properties are Best.","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"There is a reason why XML and JSON are not parseable by regexes. There is a reason why storing XML or JSON in a db is a wrong idea - they are not parseable by regexes. But we can convert them into structures that are.\n\nFlattened properties can be versatile, while being very simple. A class Props that I've been developing is an example of such versatility.\n\nAnother class, Result, is worth discussing together with this class.","descriptionShort":"During the last 2 years I've been developing a container for properties in Scala. Other solutions exist, but this one is pretty sophisticated. \nI'll also demonstrate why properties should be flat in memory.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":25,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2867,"sessionId":2579,"attendeeId":4121,"attendees":{"id":4121,"userFirstName":"Vlad","userLastName":"Patryshev","twitterHandle":"vpatryshev","facebookId":"vpatryshev","linkedInId":"vpatryshev","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"lead swe","company":"HealthExpense","userBioShort":"Born in Russia. Mathematician by education, programmer by profession and hobby. Spent 7 years at Borland, over 3 years at Google. Currently an avid Scala programmer. Also I teach Logic at Santa Clara University.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4223"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4190,"userLastName":"Burrowes","userFirstName":"David","company":"between","principleJob":"Interaction Designer/Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"davidjohnburrowes","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"David is a front end software developer contributing to revolutionizing how people work with databases and other application data at Delphix.  He has a number of years of experience in software coding and interaction design. At the moment he is specializing in JavaScript.","userWebsite":"http://www.delphix.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2576],"slug":"david-burrowes-4190","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2576,"title":"Reactive, unidirectional data without a required client/server technology","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$1b","descriptionShort":"At Delphix, we have been shipping a system that reactively delivers server data to clients for a couple years. While our server is in Java, and our clients are in JavaScript and ActionScript, the system is easily applied to other technologies.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":7,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2864,"sessionId":2576,"attendeeId":4190,"attendees":{"id":4190,"userFirstName":"David","userLastName":"Burrowes","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"davidjohnburrowes","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Interaction Designer/Software Engineer","company":"between","userBioShort":"David is a front end software developer at Delphix.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4202"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4231,"userLastName":"Rai","userFirstName":"Pragati ","company":"PayPal","principleJob":"Chief Technology Evangelist","twitterHandle":"@pragatiogal","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"pragati","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Pragati is the Chief Technology Evangelist for PayPal and the author of the book \"Android Application Security Essentials\". She has more than 15 years of experience in technology domains like mobile operating systems, mobile security, payments, and commerce. From starting as a platform security engineer with Motorola, to leading mobile developer relations in North America, she has extensive technology, product and business development experience. Pragati has dual masters in Computer Science and has taught and trained computer science students at universities around the world. She is a recognized speaker at international technology events.","userWebsite":"http://www.linkedin.com/in/pragati","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1471],"slug":"pragati--rai-4231","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1471,"title":"Growing technologists through autonomy, mastery and purpose","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The focus of this talk is technologists and how to keep them engaged. An engaged employee is loyal, energetic, and enthusiastic about his/her job and the company. As a technology training and engagement group at PayPal we have devised programs that support technologists to grow by following the principles of autonomy, mastery and purpose. Autonomy makes technologists self sufficient, mastery arms them with skills to be the best in their trade and purpose provides them with a reason to grow, learn and excel. This growth is measured by Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS). eNPS helps understand which elements of employee engagement advocate employee loyalty and which areas require improvement. This effort in turn leads to better products and happier customers.\n","descriptionShort":"Enable technical people to thrive through autonomy, mastery, purpose as measured by eNPS","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":25,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1750,"sessionId":1471,"attendeeId":4231,"attendees":{"id":4231,"userFirstName":"Pragati ","userLastName":"Rai","twitterHandle":"@pragatiogal","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"pragati","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Chief Technology Evangelist","company":"PayPal","userBioShort":"I believe in bringing people and technology together.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4223"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4276,"userLastName":"Snider","userFirstName":"Gene","company":"Silverback Engineering","principleJob":"Linux Kernel Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"A senior software developer with a track record of success in the delivery of server, desktop and embedded software solutions. I have an extremely strong background in the design, development and deployment of large scale, distributed OLTP systems.","userWebsite":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/genesnider","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2532,2536],"slug":"gene-snider-4276","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2536,"title":"Writing Facebook Applications with Eclipse","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"An overview to creating and publishing games and applications for Facebook using the Eclipse IDE. This will cover the complete process for registering, developing and publishing applications for the Facebook platform.\n\nRegistering as a Facebook developer and registering your application\nDownloading, Installing and Customizing the Eclipse IDE\n    FaceBook Developers Desktop Overview - A branded Eclipse bundle\nOverview of the Facebook Application SDKs\n    This will focus primarily on the JavaScript and PHP APIs\nCreating and Publishing a new application\nPromoting and Monetizing your application\n\nAttendees will have an opportunity to a standardized Ubuntu KVM virtual machine image that includes the IDE and SDK components.","descriptionShort":"An overview to creating and publishing games and applications for Facebook using the Eclipse IDE. This will cover the complete process for registering, developing, publishing and monetizing applications for the Facebook platform.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://sourceforge.net/projects/facebookide/","lectureRoomsId":8,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2818,"sessionId":2536,"attendeeId":4276,"attendees":{"id":4276,"userFirstName":"Gene","userLastName":"Snider","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Linux Kernel Engineer","company":"Silverback Engineering","userBioShort":"A senior software developer with a track record of success in the delivery of server, desktop and embedded software solutions.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4302"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2532,"title":"High performance networking for QEMU/KVM based virtual machines","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$1c","descriptionShort":"An introduction to the Message Queue NIC virtualized, high performance ethernet interface for QEMU based virtual machines. The mqnic driver uses zero copy vm<->host data transfers to provide high bandwidth IP throughput for virtual machines.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://sourceforge.net/projects/mqnic/","lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2814,"sessionId":2532,"attendeeId":4276,"attendees":{"id":4276,"userFirstName":"Gene","userLastName":"Snider","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Linux Kernel Engineer","company":"Silverback Engineering","userBioShort":"A senior software developer with a track record of success in the delivery of server, desktop and embedded software solutions.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4442,"userLastName":"Pang","userFirstName":"Alice","company":"Twitter","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","twitterHandle":"@alicepang","facebookId":"alicerp","linkedInId":"alicerp","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Alice received her BS in Electrical Engineering/Software at Stanford and her MS in Industrial Engineering/Management of Technology at UC Berkeley.  After 3.5 years of getting developers excited about building apps as a Developer Evangelist at Microsoft, she’s now getting developers excited about monetizing their apps with MoPub as a Developer Advocate at Twitter.  When she's not speaking or building resources to ensure a great developer experience, you can find her training in circus arts.","userWebsite":"http://alicepang.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2531],"slug":"alice-pang-4442","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2531,"title":"Monetize Your iOS and Android Apps with Multiple Ad Networks","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Want to learn how to monetize your iOS or Android app?  By integrating the MoPub SDK with your application, you can experiment with multiple ad networks without integrating native SDKs from each ad network and thus maximize your revenue.  In this session, I will do a quick walkthrough of the MoPub UI and highlight what developers need to know.  I will then dive into code and demo how easy it is to work with the MoPub SDK and get different kinds of ads (banner, interstitial, video, native) up and running on a sample app.","descriptionShort":"Want to monetize your app?  You can use multiple ad networks to maximize your revenue.  Stop by for a walkthrough of the MoPub UI before diving into code to see how easy it is to get ads up and running on a sample app by integrating the MoPub SDK.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2813,"sessionId":2531,"attendeeId":4442,"attendees":{"id":4442,"userFirstName":"Alice","userLastName":"Pang","twitterHandle":"@alicepang","facebookId":"alicerp","linkedInId":"alicerp","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","company":"Twitter","userBioShort":"Alice received her BS in Electrical Engineering/Software at Stanford and her MS in Industrial Engineering/Management of Technology at UC Berkeley.  After 3.5 years of getting developers excited about building apps as a Developer Evangelist at Microsoft, she’s now getting developers excited about monetizing their apps with MoPub as a Developer Advocate at Twitter.  When she's not speaking or building resources to ensure a great developer experience, you can find her training in circus arts.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4503,"userLastName":"Champagne","userFirstName":"Joel","company":"CodeX Enterprises LLC","principleJob":"Owner","twitterHandle":"codexguy","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"joelchampagne","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"My 25 years in the industry have been largely spent in consulting, helping clients deliver large business solutions, mostly using .NET technologies, SQL Server, SSAS and SSRS.  My specialty is in the SQL space, in particular data modeling and BI, although I've been very involved with application frameworks and architecture as well.","userWebsite":"www.xskrape.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1499],"slug":"joel-champagne-4503","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1499,"title":"Data Visualization Using Pov-Ray 3.7","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Pov-Ray is a free software tool used for creating stunning three-dimensional graphics - both static images and animations. It has evolved over many years and can be used to generate stunning scenes such as those found here: http://hof.povray.org. What if you could take your own data sets and build dynamic scene definitions to portray your data? During this session, I'll show what I've done to accomplish this, and progress I've made towards making it available generally as a visualization engine that's accessible to anyone, no matter your preferred database or data tools.","descriptionShort":"Data visualization using 3 and 4 dimensional strategies will be explored using a free ray tracing engine.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://tinyurl.com/oobdwnr","lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1778,"sessionId":1499,"attendeeId":4503,"attendees":{"id":4503,"userFirstName":"Joel","userLastName":"Champagne","twitterHandle":"codexguy","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"joelchampagne","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Owner","company":"CodeX Enterprises LLC","userBioShort":"Data architect, data tool developer, consulting, BI, etc.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4578,"userLastName":"Janke","userFirstName":"Jorg","company":"Accorto","principleJob":"Developer","twitterHandle":"jorgjanke","facebookId":"jorg.janke","linkedInId":"jorgjanke","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Jorg combines business background (accounting degree, MBA) with technology experience (Java, Dart, Force.com, Oracle/DB2) for customer success.\n\nModel Driven Applications is my passion since I experienced Smalltalk - I created the first active dictionary driven business application - Compiere, the premier Open Source ERP system.\n\nUsing Dart with Salesforce Lightning Experience - http://lightningdart.com\n ","userWebsite":"https://www.accorto.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1484],"slug":"jorg-janke-4578","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1484,"title":"Dart - the new Javascript?","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Use Dart to create cross-browser web applications. Dart compiles into JavaScript and allows to build sizable projects.\n\nThis session gives brief overview of the Dart language and compares it to writing web applications in JavaScript and GWT (Java compiled to JavaScript) as well as experiences creating a sizable Dart application.\n\nI also introduce Angular Dart, the Dart version of Angular JS.","descriptionShort":"This session gives brief overview of the Dart language and compares it to writing web applications in JavaScript and GWT (Java compiled to JavaScript) as well as experiences creating a sizable Dart application.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1763,"sessionId":1484,"attendeeId":4578,"attendees":{"id":4578,"userFirstName":"Jorg","userLastName":"Janke","twitterHandle":"jorgjanke","facebookId":"jorg.janke","linkedInId":"jorgjanke","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer","company":"Accorto","userBioShort":"Jorg combines business (accounting, MBA) with technology experience (Java, Dart, Force.com, Oracle).","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":4816,"userLastName":"Maxwell","userFirstName":"Ramona","company":"Solver Companies, Inc.","principleJob":"Solution Architect","twitterHandle":"@sqlsolver","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ramonamaxwell","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Ramona Maxwell | Enterprise Platform Architect | [phone number removed]\n\nPivotal Cloud Foundry Regional Lead at Magenic Technologies, Inc. \ncreating platform solutions for enterprise and government clients. Recent blog posts:    \nhttps://magenic.com/thinking/enterprise-content-migration-success-factors  |---|  \nhttps://magenic.com/thinking/harvesting-brain-power-the-gift-of-neurodiversity-in-tech  |---|  https://magenic.com/thinking/enterprise-collaboration-should-you-buy-an-intranet-in-a-box","userWebsite":"www.solverinc.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2580],"slug":"ramona-maxwell-4816","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2580,"title":"SharePoint 2013 Columns>>Content Types","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"<p>Enterprise content management is one of the key features driving adoption of Microsoft's ECM Industry Standard, SharePoint Server 2013. To fully utilize its advanced features including automatic routing and disposition of documents, search over millions of documents, applications and workflow SharePoint must be configured to reflect the information architecture of the business. If you are a developer or a business user tasked with overseeing SharePoint customization this session is for you.</p>\n<p>This presentation will explain the fundamentals of columns, content types and records management in SharePoint and then quickly ramp up into a demonstration of how to implement a complete records management solution using Visual Studio and PowerShell.</p>\n<p>If you have questions prior to or following the session you are welcome to contact me through the Code Camp link or to connect with me on <a href=\"http://www.linkedin.com/in/ramonamaxwell\">LinkedIn</a>.</p>","descriptionShort":"\nFundamentals of SharePoint Content Management Solutions with PowerShell","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7g2YHK0fJ4m_oMacH4fjow","lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2868,"sessionId":2580,"attendeeId":4816,"attendees":{"id":4816,"userFirstName":"Ramona","userLastName":"Maxwell","twitterHandle":"@sqlsolver","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ramonamaxwell","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Solution Architect","company":"Solver Companies, Inc.","userBioShort":"https://RamonaMaxwell.com\nAWS Associate Solutions Architect | PCF Certified Developer | SAFe 4.0","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":5062,"userLastName":"Solomon","userFirstName":"Cindy","company":"Startup Product Academy, LLC","principleJob":"Founder","twitterHandle":"@startupproduct","facebookId":"StartupProductAcademy","linkedInId":"cfsolomon","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Cindy F. Solomon is a product marketing leader and product management lifecycle expert. Startup Product Academy facilitates a holistic view of product and forwards both product leaders and professional product management organizations with innovative approaches across disciplines. ","userWebsite":"http://www.startupproduct.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1473],"slug":"cindy-solomon-5062","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1473,"title":"What Lean Brings To Product Marketing Management","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This discussion will answer the following questions:\n\nWhat is Lean Product Marketing?\nHow is Product Marketing Management currently handled?\nWhat is the difference between Product Marketing Management And Product Management?\nWhat distinctions are there in Strategic vs Tactical implementation?\nWhat are some Tips and Tricks from the Lean Marketing playbook that I can immediately apply to increase the success of my product/app/solution?\n","descriptionShort":"Understand the value of product marketing management and how to apply lean principles to increase your product's success in the market.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://slidesha.re/1sIgI6H","lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1752,"sessionId":1473,"attendeeId":5062,"attendees":{"id":5062,"userFirstName":"Cindy","userLastName":"Solomon","twitterHandle":"@startupproduct","facebookId":"StartupProductAcademy","linkedInId":"cfsolomon","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Founder","company":"Startup Product Academy, LLC","userBioShort":"Host, Global Product Management Talk.  Founder, Startup Product movement for product excellence. Producer, The Product Summit http://productsummit.org","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":5083,"userLastName":"Yu","userFirstName":"Roy","company":"Chegg","principleJob":"Lead Software Engineer ( Frontend focus )","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"iroy2000","linkedInId":"iroy2000","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Senior Software Engineer ( Frontend focus ), LAMP developer and love to explore different technologies. Currently focus on web performance, web security and frontend stack complexity analysis. \n\nI have a passion for web development and architecture: from application design, frontend prototype to database design, I have experience and enjoyed every piece of it. I'm especially picky about user experience,  performance and security in web development.\n\nSpecialties: Web development. LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, PHP, Mysql), JAVA, HTML, CSS, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery, Backbone, React, Reflux, Redux, CoffeeScript, Stylus, SCSS, Gulp, Webpack.","userWebsite":"www.linkedin.com/in/iroy2000","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1414],"slug":"roy-yu-5083","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1414,"title":"Javascript Testing with Jasmine 101","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session will be presenting the basic of javascript testing, and how to have a mind set of writing  testable code.  We will be using Jasmine, a javascript testing framework, and we will be using the behavior testing style provided by Jasmine. \n\nAfter this session, attendees will learn\n1) What is inside Jasmine and her syntax\n2) How to start testing your javascript code\n3) How to think test first  ( not necessary test driven )\n\nAttendees will need basic level understanding of javascript.  And this session is targeting people that are new to javascript testing or new to Jasmine.","descriptionShort":"This session will be presenting the basic of javascript testing, and how to have a mind set of writing  testable code.  We will be using Jasmine, a javascript testing framework, and we will be using the behavior testing style provided by Jasmine. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://speakerdeck.com/iroy2000/javascript-testing-with-jasmine","lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1694,"sessionId":1414,"attendeeId":5083,"attendees":{"id":5083,"userFirstName":"Roy","userLastName":"Yu","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"iroy2000","linkedInId":"iroy2000","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lead Software Engineer ( Frontend focus )","company":"Chegg","userBioShort":"Senior Software Engineer ( Frontend focus ). ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":5111,"userLastName":"Trull","userFirstName":"Jeff","company":"Trull Consulting","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@jaafartrull","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Jeff studied at Carnegie Mellon, then spent a number of years designing microprocessors, first at HP, then AMD.  He has consulted since then on a variety of projects including medical device software, HTML5 mobile apps, CAD for ASIC design, and 3D model display.","userWebsite":"jefftrull.livejournal.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3664],"slug":"jeff-trull-5111","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3664,"title":"Analyzing On-Chip Interconnect with Modern C++","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The speaker will demonstrate how to apply techniques from Modern C++ to a representative EDA problem: managing the large databases of circuit information generated from parasitic extraction of contemporary ASIC designs.  The Boost Spirit, Graph, and ODEInt libraries will be discussed, along with the Eigen matrix library;  they will be applied to parsing, scrubbing, simulating, and performing model order reduction on extracted circuits.","descriptionShort":"Modern C++ libraries and techniques applied to a representative problem in Electronic Design Automation.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://slidesha.re/1wa0mnf","lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3983,"sessionId":3664,"attendeeId":5111,"attendees":{"id":5111,"userFirstName":"Jeff","userLastName":"Trull","twitterHandle":"@jaafartrull","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Trull Consulting","userBioShort":"Former microprocessor hardware guy, now software consulting, by way of EDA.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":5443,"userLastName":"Abramson","userFirstName":"Mark","company":"Printform Corporation","principleJob":"Founder & CEO","twitterHandle":"@mark__a","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"abramsonmark","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Mark Abramson is Founder & CEO of Printform Corporation. He has particular technical expertise in digital workflow, industrial printing and complex global supply chains for high-growth companies.  He's also a dad, collects antique woodworking machines and mentors on Lean Startup methods.","userWebsite":"twitter.com/mark__a","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1435,2577],"slug":"mark-abramson-5443","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2577,"title":"Lean Startup for Engineers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$1d","descriptionShort":"Learn how to identify your customer and understand their problem. Only then can you be sure you're solving the right problem for the right person. Critical for anyone building software or developing products. Your mind WILL BE BLOWN!","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":35,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2865,"sessionId":2577,"attendeeId":5443,"attendees":{"id":5443,"userFirstName":"Mark","userLastName":"Abramson","twitterHandle":"@mark__a","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"abramsonmark","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Founder & CEO","company":"Printform Corporation","userBioShort":"Mark is a globally recognized expert on digital printing for industrial and packaging applications.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8402"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1435,"title":"Intro to Relational Database Design & Entity-Relationship Diagrams","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Mark will cover the basics of designing and setting up a database schema. He'll define some common business scenarios, build out some tables, create relationships, and then demo usage, pitfalls, problems and design tradeoffs. With so many database-driven projects for consumer desktop software applications, websites and enterprise software systems, the database design plays a crucial role in the success of your project. You'll see real-life examples and issues such as: Creating a new table; Choosing data types; Normalization (and when to denormalize); Types of relationships; Referential integrity; Join/relationship tables; 1-to-many, many-to-many; How to actually use these structures in your application; While the examples will focus on SQL Server, the techniques and SQL code will work for virtually any SQL database. There will be discussion of various commercial and open source tools to streamline your work. ","descriptionShort":"Mark will cover the basics of designing and setting up a database schema.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":35,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1714,"sessionId":1435,"attendeeId":5443,"attendees":{"id":5443,"userFirstName":"Mark","userLastName":"Abramson","twitterHandle":"@mark__a","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"abramsonmark","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Founder & CEO","company":"Printform Corporation","userBioShort":"Mark is a globally recognized expert on digital printing for industrial and packaging applications.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8402"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":5995,"userLastName":"McCarter","userFirstName":"David","company":"dotNetTips.com","principleJob":"Consultant","twitterHandle":"@RealDotNetDave","facebookId":"davidmccarter","linkedInId":"davidmccarter","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"David McCarter is a Microsoft MVP (Most Valuable Professional), C# Corner MVP, solutions architect, speaker, consultant, professional code reviewer and interviewer in San Diego, California. He is the editor-in-chief of dotNetTips.com... a web site dedicated to helping software engineers in all aspects of programming since 1994. David has written for programming magazines and has published many books including \"David McCarter's .NET Coding Standards\" available at: http://bit.ly/dotnetdavestore. He is one of the founders and directors of the San Diego .NET Developers Group (www.sddotnetdg.org) for 20 years. In 2008 David won the INETA Community Excellence Award for his involvement in the .NET community. Daivd is a featured writer and MVP on C# Corner. David is also an inventor of a software printing system that was approved by the US Patient Office in May 2008. His Microsoft MVP profile is located at: http://bit.ly/davidmvp","userWebsite":"dotnettips.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1446,1449,1491,3648],"slug":"david-mccarter-5995","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1",{"id":1491,"title":"Rock Your Code With Defensive Programming ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This is a companion session to the “Rock Your Coding Standards” that takes writing better code to the next level. Do you enjoy receiving bug tickets from QA? Didn’t think you would, so this session will provide solid practices that I have been using for most of my programming career to check-in only rock solid code. You will learn my #1 mantra that I use while writing code that allows me to write new code (features) and stay out of maintenance mode.","descriptionShort":"This is a companion session to the “Rock Your Coding Standards” that takes writing better code to the next level.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://dotnettips.com","lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1770,"sessionId":1491,"attendeeId":5995,"attendees":{"id":5995,"userFirstName":"David","userLastName":"McCarter","twitterHandle":"@RealDotNetDave","facebookId":"davidmccarter","linkedInId":"davidmccarter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"dotNetTips.com","userBioShort":"David McCarter is a Microsoft MVP and a consultant in San Diego.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1446,"title":"Rock Your Technical Interview (Part 1)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Have you ever not gotten a job due to not being prepared for the technical interview? Do you want a big raise? I've interviewed 100's of software developers and will share my knowledge on how to survive, what we look for and even divulge some of the secrets we use during the process. This session will include advice from hiring managers, recruiters and engineers that were recently hired at a new company! Maybe some crazy interview stories for fun.","descriptionShort":"Have you ever not gotten a job due to not being prepared for the technical interview? Do you want a big raise? Then this session is for you!","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1724,"sessionId":1446,"attendeeId":5995,"attendees":{"id":5995,"userFirstName":"David","userLastName":"McCarter","twitterHandle":"@RealDotNetDave","facebookId":"davidmccarter","linkedInId":"davidmccarter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"dotNetTips.com","userBioShort":"David McCarter is a Microsoft MVP and a consultant in San Diego.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1449,"title":"Rock Your Technical Interview (Part 2)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Have you ever not gotten a job due to not being prepared for the technical interview? Do you want a big raise? I've interviewed 100's of software developers and will share my knowledge on how to survive, what we look for and even divulge some of the secrets we use during the process. This session will include advice from hiring managers, recruiters and engineers that were recently hired at a new company! Maybe some crazy interview stories for fun.","descriptionShort":"Have you ever not gotten a job due to not being prepared for the technical interview? Do you want a big raise?  Then this session is for you!","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1727,"sessionId":1449,"attendeeId":5995,"attendees":{"id":5995,"userFirstName":"David","userLastName":"McCarter","twitterHandle":"@RealDotNetDave","facebookId":"davidmccarter","linkedInId":"davidmccarter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Consultant","company":"dotNetTips.com","userBioShort":"David McCarter is a Microsoft MVP and a consultant in San Diego.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":5996,"userLastName":"Berntson","userFirstName":"Craig","company":"HealthEquity","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"craigber","facebookId":"craigber","linkedInId":"craigber","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Craig has a passion for community and helping other developers improve their skills. He writes the column \"Software Gardening\" in DotNet Curry Magazine and is the co-author of \"Continuous Integration in .NET\" available from Manning. He works as a Senior Software Engineer at HealthEquity.","userWebsite":"www.craigberntson.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2552],"slug":"craig-berntson-5996","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2552,"title":"ASP.Net MVC Tips and Tricks","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"We'll look at several tips and techniques to make it easier to create ASP.Net MVC web sites. Some of what you'll learn about includes project layout, unit testing, Entity Framework tricks, bundling, minification, validation, and more. After this session, your MVC sites will be easier to maintain and be more performant.","descriptionShort":"In this session you'll learn several tips and techniques to make it easier to create ASP.Net MVC sites, optimize performance, and make maintenance easier.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2836,"sessionId":2552,"attendeeId":5996,"attendees":{"id":5996,"userFirstName":"Craig","userLastName":"Berntson","twitterHandle":"craigber","facebookId":"craigber","linkedInId":"craigber","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","company":"HealthEquity","userBioShort":"Speaker, author, architect, and engineer. Currently he's a Senior Software Engineer at HealthEquity.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6053,"userLastName":"Vigo","userFirstName":"Martin","company":"Salesforce.com","principleJob":"Product Security Engineer","twitterHandle":"@martin_vigo","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"martinvigo","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Martin Vigo is a Product Security Engineer with a special interest in Web and Mobile Security.  He also has  extensive background as a Software Engineer with over 5 years of work experience.\nMartin does penetration testing for a living but also likes to hunt for security issues in his spare time. He enjoys the challenge of finding vulnerabilities in mobile apps he uses on a daily basis and has been acknowledged by several companies for doing a responsible disclosure of his findings.","userWebsite":"http://www.martinvigo.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2558],"slug":"martin-vigo-6053","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2558,"title":"Mobile apps security. Beyond XSS, CSRF and SQLi","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This talk will be focused on how to develop secure mobile apps. We will look into specifics regarding mobile development and what are the best practices. Usually developers take into account the well-known vulnerabilities such as SQLi, XSS, CSRF, etc. forgetting about those impacting specifically the mobile platform. We will make an emphasis on all those other issues affecting the mobile platform such as protocols, secure storage, secrets, caching, logging, etc.","descriptionShort":"This talk will be focused on how to develop secure mobile apps. We will look into specifics regarding mobile development and what are the best practices. Beyond SQLi, XSS and CSRF, we will cover protocols, secure storage, secrets, caching, logging...","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.martinvigo.com/?attachment_id=193","lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2845,"sessionId":2558,"attendeeId":6053,"attendees":{"id":6053,"userFirstName":"Martin","userLastName":"Vigo","twitterHandle":"@martin_vigo","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"martinvigo","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Product Security Engineer","company":"Salesforce.com","userBioShort":"Martin Vigo is a Product Security Engineer with a special interest in Web and Mobile Security.  He also has  extensive background as a Software Engineer with over 5 years of work experience.\nMartin does penetration testing for a living but also likes to hunt for security issues in his spare time. He enjoys the challenge of finding vulnerabilities in mobile apps he uses on a daily basis and has been acknowledged by several companies for doing a responsible disclosure of his findings.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3998,"sessionId":2558,"attendeeId":19831,"attendees":{"id":19831,"userFirstName":"Sergey","userLastName":"Gorbaty","twitterHandle":"ser_gor","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Salesforce","userBioShort":"Sergey is a Sr. Product Security Engineer at salesforce.com focusing on mobile, authentication and web security.  His background also includes working as a Software QA Engineer for over 4 years. At salesforce.com Sergey collaborates with other engineers on secure design and architecture of applications, services, API and mobile frameworks. Tennis and doing security research are Sergey's favorite past times.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6163,"userLastName":"Putz","userFirstName":"Steve","company":"Robotics Learning","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@sbputz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"$1e","userWebsite":"http://www.RoboticsLearning.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2539,2541],"slug":"steve-putz-6163","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2539,"title":"Greenfoot Games and Simulations 1","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Greenfoot provides a framework for easily programming interactive 2-D simulations and games based on a World and Actor model. Programming concepts and techniques are introduced and practiced through a series of fun programming examples such as creating simple interactive games and simulations.\n\nStudents will use the Java programming language to define objects, variables and methods for implementing their simulations and games. During the workshop, attendees will be introduced to Greenfoot and Java programming, view and run sample programs, and write Java code to add functionality and create new programs.\n\nStudents should  bring a laptop computers to class, with the Greenfoot software and Java development kit (JDK) installed as described at www.Greenfoot.org.  The sample programs and examples from the instructor's web site (www.RoboticsLearning.com/java) should also be downloaded prior to the workshop.\n\nNote Greenfoot session 1 and session 2 will include different programming examples and challenges.","descriptionShort":"Students will be introduced to Greenfoot and Java programming, and will use the Java programming language to define objects, variables and methods for implementing simulations and games.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":49,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2822,"sessionId":2539,"attendeeId":6163,"attendees":{"id":6163,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Putz","twitterHandle":"@sbputz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Robotics Learning","userBioShort":"I teach LEGO Robotics, animation and Java programming classes to kids. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4602"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2541,"title":"Greenfoot Games and Simulations 2","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Greenfoot provides a framework for easily programming interactive 2-D simulations and games based on a World and Actor model. Programming concepts and techniques are introduced and practiced through a series of fun programming examples such as creating simple interactive games and simulations.\n\nStudents will use the Java programming language to define objects, variables and methods for implementing simulations and games. During the workshop, attendees will be introduced to Greenfoot and Java programming, view and run sample programs, and write Java code to add functionality and create new programs.\n\nStudents should  bring a laptop computers to class, with the Greenfoot software and Java development kit (JDK) installed as described at www.Greenfoot.org.  The sample programs and examples from the instructor's web site (www.RoboticsLearning.com/java) should also be downloaded prior to the workshop.\n\nNote Greenfoot session 1 and session 2 will include different programming examples and challenges.","descriptionShort":"Students will be introduced to Greenfoot and Java programming, and will use the Java programming language to define objects, variables and methods for implementing simulations and games.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":49,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2824,"sessionId":2541,"attendeeId":6163,"attendees":{"id":6163,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Putz","twitterHandle":"@sbputz","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Robotics Learning","userBioShort":"I teach LEGO Robotics, animation and Java programming classes to kids. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4602"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6414,"userLastName":"Egan","userFirstName":"Daniel","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"DanielEgan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Daniel is a Developer Evangelist at Microsoft, he has been in the technology field for 20 years doing everything from Enterprise Development, to a Start Up, to running his own consulting firm. He is currently focusing on OpenSource, and the cloud sprinkled with IOT","userWebsite":"http://TheSociableGeek.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2613,3612,3613],"slug":"daniel-egan-6414","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2613,"title":"Introduction to Big Data ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"So you have been hearing the talk about Big Data and you have decided to did a little deeper and find out what it means to you.  Well then this is the session for you.  In this session, we will first attempt to define what is Big Data.  From there, we will explore not only the need for big data but also promise big data has for the technology world.  We will finish by talking about the technology used to harness this data.  We will talk about some of the parallel technology like Cassandra, MongoDB and Big Table but will focus deeper on Hadoop and its companion technologies like Hive and Pig.   There will be some demos but this talk will serve as the introduction to the more in depth talks I will be doing on Hadoop. ","descriptionShort":"So you have been hearing the talk about Big Data and you have decided to did a little deeper and find out what it means to you.  Well then this is the session for you. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2911,"sessionId":2613,"attendeeId":6414,"attendees":{"id":6414,"userFirstName":"Daniel","userLastName":"Egan","twitterHandle":"DanielEgan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Developer Evangelist at Microsoft","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3612,"title":"(Big Data) Introduction to Hadoop using HDInsight","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this discussion we will be talking about using Hadoop for Big Data.  We will talk about how all the pieces fit together, (HDFS, Map Reduce, Pig, Hive, and Zookeeper)  We will talk about the different variations (Cloudera, Hortonworks) and finish will discussing the Hortonworks implementation on the Microsoft Cloud (HDInsight)","descriptionShort":"In this discussion we will be talking about using Hadoop for Big Data.  We will talk about how all the pieces fit together, (HDFS, Map Reduce, Pig, Hive, and Zookeeper)","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3910,"sessionId":3612,"attendeeId":6414,"attendees":{"id":6414,"userFirstName":"Daniel","userLastName":"Egan","twitterHandle":"DanielEgan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Developer Evangelist at Microsoft","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3613,"title":"(Big Data) Introduction to Machine Learning using Mahout on Hadoop","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"One of the HDInsight key components is Mahout, a scalable machine learning library that provides a number of algorithms relying on the Hadoop platform.  In this session we will talk about using Mahout in HDInsight, the R programing language, many of the use cases for machine learning while we show a few examples. ","descriptionShort":"One of the HDInsight key components is Mahout, a scalable machine learning library that provides a number of algorithms relying on the Hadoop platform.  In this session we will talk about using Mahout in HDInsight, the R programing language. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3911,"sessionId":3613,"attendeeId":6414,"attendees":{"id":6414,"userFirstName":"Daniel","userLastName":"Egan","twitterHandle":"DanielEgan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Developer Evangelist at Microsoft","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6417,"userLastName":"Brinnand","userFirstName":"John","company":"DigiCert","principleJob":"Technical Director ","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"John Brinnand","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"I have been in the software industry for 20+ years. In the past 4 years I have worked on cloud based distributed systems for Netflix and Stubhub. Most of these systems have been associated with data delivery and management. Some of the systems I have with with are: Solr, Cassandra, Zookeeper, Hadoop and StubHubs Big Data Platform. All these systems require a different approach in design,development and access patterns.  However, there are underlying patterns in each of these systems. And these patterns radically change the approach of developers and users of these systems. Without them, building and deploying distributed systems, especially at scale, becomes exceedingly problematic. I wish to share some of these design and deployment patterns as well as their  programming models with the folks at SVCC.","userWebsite":"www.stubhub.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3634],"slug":"john-brinnand-6417","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3634,"title":"Distributed Systems - Patterns and Practices","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Cloud based, highly scalable systems provide significant value to business and the software community. However, these systems are not a panacea and there is a paradigm shift when building highly scalable systems, cloud based systems. Though the technical inflection may appear to be slight, building and deploying these systems affects everything - from system architectures, design principles, programming models all the way through to software deployment and maintenance.\n\nThis talk goes into some of the common design patterns and practices that can be used to develop and deploy distributed system. Examples of design and access patterns include: Zookeeper, Solr, Cassandra, HBase and the architecture of StubHubs Big Data platform.","descriptionShort":"Patterns and practices for developing and deploying distributed systems.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/jbrinnand/svcc2014-40221038","lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3932,"sessionId":3634,"attendeeId":6417,"attendees":{"id":6417,"userFirstName":"John","userLastName":"Brinnand","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"John Brinnand","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Technical Director ","company":"DigiCert","userBioShort":"I consider myself a pragmatic architect with many years of experience in designing and building software systems. From embedded code to distributed systems every software product poses interesting challenges and solutions. I consider myself a pragmatic software architect – someone who finds that adaptive design appears in the friction between ideas and implementation, vision and application, abstraction and ground reality. Or - as the Chinese say: between the thunder and the rain.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6464,"userLastName":"Hunter","userFirstName":"Kirsten","company":"Akamai","principleJob":"API Evangelist","twitterHandle":"@synedra","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"synedra","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Unapologetic hacker and passionate advocate for the development community. My technical interests range from graph databases to cloud services, and my experience supporting and evangelizing REST APIs has given my a unique perspective on developer success. In my copious free time I’m a gamer, fantasy reader, and all around rabble-rouser","userWebsite":"http://www.princesspolymath.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3629],"slug":"kirsten-hunter-6464","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3629,"title":"Designing Irresistible APIs","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"When creating a new REST platform, the planning process frequently gets skipped (or is misunderstood) resulting in an ill-conceived API. I’ll walk you through the steps needed to create an API that developers love, and point out the common traps to avoid.\n\nThe presentation will cover creating user stories, deciding on metrics, planning the API, design decisions, documentation and developer support. I will focus on teaching you how to create a developer experience that will delight and amaze your developer partners and increase engagement with your platform. This talk will focus on higher level choices rather than HTTP architecture, and is appropriate for developers, product managers, or anyone else with an interest in achieving success for their API program.\n\nThe Open API Ecosystem is an amazing opportunity for companies to partner with developers, but you really only get one chance to impress, so come learn how to make your company’s API an “A List” destination.","descriptionShort":"Learn how to make your API a First Class Product - the process taught here will help developers, product managers and executives understand how to create an API with vision, value and an engaging developer experience.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.princesspolymath.com/princess_polymath/?page_id=727","lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3927,"sessionId":3629,"attendeeId":6464,"attendees":{"id":6464,"userFirstName":"Kirsten","userLastName":"Hunter","twitterHandle":"@synedra","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"synedra","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"API Evangelist","company":"Akamai","userBioShort":"Princess Polymath is the API Evangelist for Akamai.  She writes, talks and teaches developers how to be more efficient and happy.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6582,"userLastName":"Katsumata","userFirstName":"Masashi","company":"Social Rewards,Inc.","principleJob":"Full stack engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"masashikatsumata","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Google Developer Expert for Google Maps API, not only for Google Maps JavaScript API v3, but also Google Maps Android API v2 and Google Maps SDK for iOS.","userWebsite":"http://googlemaps.googlermania.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1429],"slug":"masashi-katsumata-6582","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1429,"title":"PhoneGap + Android/iOS + Google Maps Plugin","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this session, I will introduce a Google Maps Plugin for PhoneGap, and how to use it.\n\nPhoneGap is a JavaScript framework for building mobile apps.\nYou are able to build your app using JavaScript, HTML and CSS.\nIt supports the plugin mechanism which allows you to access the outside features of your app, such as camera, GPS.\n\nGoogle provides Google Maps mobile SDKs for Android and iOS.\nYou can implement them your app using Java and Objective-C.\nIn order to use them in PhoneGap, I will introduce a Google Maps Plugin for PhoneGap.\nThis plugin allows you to embed Google Maps in your app, and control it from your JavaScript easily.","descriptionShort":"PhoneGap is a JavaScript framework for building mobile apps.\nYou are able to build your app using JavaScript, HTML and CSS.\nIn this session, I will introduce a Google Maps Plugin for PhoneGap, and how to use it.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://www.bunkr.me/p/0b8d477d0841d2a3b01e66e69ab6a121","lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1708,"sessionId":1429,"attendeeId":6582,"attendees":{"id":6582,"userFirstName":"Masashi","userLastName":"Katsumata","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"masashikatsumata","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Full stack engineer","company":"Social Rewards,Inc.","userBioShort":"Google Developer Expert for Google Maps API, not only for JavaScript, but also Android and iOS.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":6765,"userLastName":"Hoffman","userFirstName":"Steven","company":"Founders Space","principleJob":"Captain","twitterHandle":"@foundersspace","facebookId":"foundersspace","linkedInId":"sshoffman","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Steve Hoffman (a.k.a. Captain Hoff) is an angel investor, serial entrepreneur, and Captain of Founders Space.\n\nhttp://www.FoundersSpace.com\n\nHoffman is a founding member of the Academy of Television’s Interactive Media Group, was Chairman for the Producers Guild SF, and served on the Board of Governors for the New Media Council.\n","userWebsite":"www.FoundersSpace.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1478],"slug":"steven-hoffman-6765","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1478,"title":"About Venture Capital Fund Raising for Your Startup","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"<p>Everything you need to know about raising venture capital: (1) What angel investors are looking for; (2) How convertible notes work; (3) Preparing your pitch; (4) Gaining traction on AngelList; (5) Closing funding quickly.</p>\n<p>\nWe'll go into detail on what it takes to raise money for your startup. I've worked with hundreds of startups over the past 5 years and know exactly what investors need to see and hear to fund a company.  I'll share everything with you.\n</p>","descriptionShort":"Everything you need to know about raising venture capital: (1) What angel investors are looking for; (2) How convertible notes work; (3) Preparing your pitch; (4) Gaining traction on AngelList; (5) Closing funding quickly.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.FoundersSpace.com","lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1759,"sessionId":1478,"attendeeId":6765,"attendees":{"id":6765,"userFirstName":"Steven","userLastName":"Hoffman","twitterHandle":"@foundersspace","facebookId":"foundersspace","linkedInId":"sshoffman","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Captain","company":"Founders Space","userBioShort":"Steve Hoffman (a.k.a. Captain Hoff) is a high tech serial entrepreneur, cofounder of Founders Space, and angel investor. Recent investments include BOXC, Content Analytics, wise.io and AirPair.\n\nAs head of Founders Space, Hoffman has helped hundreds of startups deal with rapid growth, go through the fund raising process, and develop critical strategic relationships.\n\nhttp://www.FoundersSpace.com\n\nAngelList: https://angel.co/captainhoff/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":7164,"userLastName":"Kalb","userFirstName":"Jon","company":"cpp.training","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"@_JonKalb","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonkalb","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$1f","userWebsite":"exceptionsafecode.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1467,1469],"slug":"jon-kalb-7164","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1467,"title":"Exception-Safe Coding in C++: Part I","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Are you 100% confident that your code is exception-safe?\n\nSafe usage of exceptions is a non-trivial problem that the industry has struggled with for the better part of two decades. If you have fear, uncertainty, or doubt about exception safety or just want to see the best practices for using exceptions in C++, this session is for you. We’ll start with “What is the problem we are trying to solve?” and discuss alternatives, acknowledge the challenges associated with exception usage, and cover some well-meaning but misguided attempts at safety. I will then present a set of guidelines that are the basis for safe exception usage and solid implementation techniques, including how to transition from an exception-unsafe legacy code base.\n\nWhen we are finished you will know how to produce code that is easier to write, easier to understand, faster, and 100% robust in the face of exceptions.","descriptionShort":"Are you 100% confident that your code is exception-safe?\n\nSafe exception usage is a problem that we've struggled with for decades.\n\nYou'll know how to create code that is easier to read and write, faster, and 100% robust in the face of exceptions.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://exceptionsafecode.com","lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1746,"sessionId":1467,"attendeeId":7164,"attendees":{"id":7164,"userFirstName":"Jon","userLastName":"Kalb","twitterHandle":"@_JonKalb","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonkalb","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"cpp.training","userBioShort":"Jon does onsite training for C++. He chairs CppCon, C++Now, and the C++ Track for SVCC.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1469,"title":"Exception-Safe Coding in C++: Part II","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Are you 100% confident that your code is exception-safe?\n\nSafe usage of exceptions is a non-trivial problem that the industry has struggled with for the better part of two decades. If you have fear, uncertainty, or doubt about exception safety or just want to see the best practices for using exceptions in C++, this session is for you. We’ll start with “What is the problem we are trying to solve?” and discuss alternatives, acknowledge the challenges associated with exception usage, and cover some well-meaning but misguided attempts at safety. I will then present a set of guidelines that are the basis for safe exception usage and solid implementation techniques, including how to transition from an exception-unsafe legacy code base.\n\nWhen we are finished you will know how to produce code that is easier to write, easier to understand, faster, and 100% robust in the face of exceptions.","descriptionShort":"Are you 100% confident that your code is exception-safe?\n\nSafe exception usage is a problem that we've struggled with for decades.\n\nYou'll know how to create code that is easier to read and write, faster, and 100% robust in the face of exceptions.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://exceptionsafecode.com","lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1748,"sessionId":1469,"attendeeId":7164,"attendees":{"id":7164,"userFirstName":"Jon","userLastName":"Kalb","twitterHandle":"@_JonKalb","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonkalb","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"cpp.training","userBioShort":"Jon does onsite training for C++. He chairs CppCon, C++Now, and the C++ Track for SVCC.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":7997,"userLastName":"Harrold","userFirstName":"Alyson","company":"The Spectrum Group Online","principleJob":"CMO","twitterHandle":"@alysonharrold","facebookId":"SpectrumGroupOnline","linkedInId":"alysonharrold","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Co-Founder and CMO of The Spectrum Group Online, Alyson leverages her extensive marketing and executive brand communication background. To ensure that companies maintain focused conversations, she creates strategies that engage faithful clients as well as attract new ones. Using Brand Intelligence, she uncovers what transforms satisfied clients into raving fans.\n","userWebsite":"online-sales-marketing.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2605],"slug":"alyson-harrold-7997","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2605,"title":"Blogging to Fuel the SEO Engine","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Want visibility for your website? Building SEO rankings requires creating content, and a lot of it. Blogging is the fuel that feeds the SEO engine and this session is all about how to make each blog post count. Key takeaways include:\n\n- Using keyword research for strategic blog post optimization\n- Sources for inspiration\n- Importance of meta descriptions and the psychology behind it\n","descriptionShort":"Building SEO rankings requires creating content, and a lot of it. Session will explore ways to create content that's worthy of reading and sharing.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2902,"sessionId":2605,"attendeeId":7997,"attendees":{"id":7997,"userFirstName":"Alyson","userLastName":"Harrold","twitterHandle":"@alysonharrold","facebookId":"SpectrumGroupOnline","linkedInId":"alysonharrold","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CMO","company":"The Spectrum Group Online","userBioShort":"CMO & Content Strategist for a Silicon Valley digital marketing agency, Alyson brings over 20 years of marketing experience to her SVCC sessions. She blogs regularly on a variety of online marketing topics including SEO, content marketing and link building.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8006,"userLastName":"Rader","userFirstName":"Devin","company":"Twilio","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"@devinrader","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"devinrader","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Devin Rader spends his day’s extoling the virtues of Twilio, the simple cloud telephony platform. Before that he worked at Infragistics where he focused on delivering great user experiences to developers using their controls.  As a participant in several .NET user groups and former INETA board member, Devin is an active supporter of the .NET community. He's also the co-author of multiple books including Professional Silverlight 4 and Professional ASP.NET 4. Follow Devin on twitter @devinrader","userWebsite":"www.twilio.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3632,3633],"slug":"devin-rader-8006","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3633,"title":"The REST of the story: Using ASP.NET Web API to create RESTful web services","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"RESTful web services are a simple yet powerful way to expose data and services to a broad range of platforms.  For Microsoft developers, ASP.NET Web API is a fantastic foundation for building RESTful services, but its not an out-of-the-box solution.   \nIn this talk I’ll introduce you ASP.NET Web API and the foundational elements it provides for creating HTTP-based services.  I'll show you through concrete examples ways you can apply the constraints of the REST architectural style to Web API to create truly RESTful web services.  Finally I'll show you multiple examples of real-world problems that you will encounter when building RESTful services and examples of solving those problems using Web API. ","descriptionShort":"REST is are a simple way to expose data to a broad range of platforms.  ASP.NET Web API is a great foundation for REST services, but its not an out-of-the-box solution.   This talk introduces you ASP.NET Web API and building REST services using it","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3931,"sessionId":3633,"attendeeId":8006,"attendees":{"id":8006,"userFirstName":"Devin","userLastName":"Rader","twitterHandle":"@devinrader","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"devinrader","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Twilio","userBioShort":"Devin Rader spends his day’s extoling the virtues of Twilio, the simple cloud telephony platform. Before that he worked at Infragistics where he focused on delivering great user experiences to developers using their controls.  As a participant in several .NET user groups and former INETA board member, Devin is an active supporter of the .NET community. He's also the co-author of multiple books including Professional Silverlight 4 and Professional ASP.NET 4. Follow Devin on twitter @devinrader","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3632,"title":"Understanding HTTP and REST: the road to simple, scalable web services ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"HTTP has become the de facto communication protocol for virtually all things connected to the internet. Everything from enterprise databases to the thermostat in your house can communicate via HTTP-based web services.  But how well do you really know this critical part of the internet?  Are you equipped with the knowledge needed to build apps and services that can participate? This talk is a technology agnostic deep dive into the guts of HTTP.  You will leave with a solid understanding of the fundamentals of the HTTP protocol, and how combed with the REST architectural pattern, HTTP lets you build amazingly simple and scalable web services regardless of the technology stack you’re using.  ","descriptionShort":"HTTP is the protocol for virtually all things on the internet.  Do you have the info you need to build apps and services that can participate? You will leave this session with an understanding of the HTTP protocol and how it can be combed with REST.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3930,"sessionId":3632,"attendeeId":8006,"attendees":{"id":8006,"userFirstName":"Devin","userLastName":"Rader","twitterHandle":"@devinrader","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"devinrader","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Twilio","userBioShort":"Devin Rader spends his day’s extoling the virtues of Twilio, the simple cloud telephony platform. Before that he worked at Infragistics where he focused on delivering great user experiences to developers using their controls.  As a participant in several .NET user groups and former INETA board member, Devin is an active supporter of the .NET community. He's also the co-author of multiple books including Professional Silverlight 4 and Professional ASP.NET 4. Follow Devin on twitter @devinrader","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8211,"userLastName":"Bastani","userFirstName":"Kenny","company":"Neo Technology","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@kennybastani","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Kenny Bastani is an accomplished software development consultant and entrepreneur with 10+ years of industry experience as a front-end and back-end engineer. Kenny has demonstrated leadership in designing and developing enterprise-grade web applications for high-volume, high-availability environments, with innovative focuses on solving unsupervised machine learning problems that enable businesses to better manage their institutional memory. As both an entrepreneur and software designer based in the SF Bay Area, Kenny has gained valuable experience leading teams in both product design and software architecture.","userWebsite":"www.neotechnology.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3626],"slug":"kenny-bastani-8211","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3626,"title":"Building Killer Apps with Neo4j","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"As companies like Facebook and Google have introduced us to Graph Search and the Knowledge Graph, developers are learning the benefits of graph database architectures. Graph databases, like Neo4j, have increased in popularity by nearly 250% from last year - the highest among all other DBMS categories, according to db-engines.com. Join Kenny Bastani as we look at the benefits of using a graph database, explore various use cases and walkthrough creating a movie recommendation app on Neo4j 2.0.","descriptionShort":"Join Kenny Bastani as we look at the benefits of using a graph database, explore various use cases and walkthrough creating a movie recommendation app on Neo4j 2.0.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":35,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3924,"sessionId":3626,"attendeeId":8211,"attendees":{"id":8211,"userFirstName":"Kenny","userLastName":"Bastani","twitterHandle":"@kennybastani","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Neo Technology","userBioShort":"Kenny Bastani is Developer Evangelist at Neo Technology. He is an accomplished software development consultant and entrepreneur with 10+ years of industry experience as a front-end and back-end engineer. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8402"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8228,"userLastName":"LeBlanc","userFirstName":"Jonathan","company":"PayPal","principleJob":"Head of Global Developer Advocacy","twitterHandle":"jcleblanc","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jcleblanc","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Jonathan LeBlanc is an Emmy award winning software engineer, author of the O’Reilly book \"Programming Social Applications\", and the Head of Global Developer Evangelism at PayPal. Specializing in identity and security, hardware to web interconnectivity, data mining techniques, as well as open source initiatives around social engagement, Jonathan works on the development of emerging initiatives towards building a more user-centric web.","userWebsite":"http://www.jcleblanc.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1475,1476],"slug":"jonathan-leblanc-8228","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1475,"title":"JavaScript and Internet Controlled Hardware Prototyping","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The electronics maker movement has led a massive shift in how people are re-engineering the world around them through rapid hardware prototyping. With the rise of inexpensive, wifi and bluetooth low energy enabled electronics, this hardware revolution is internet and mobile controlled, all through simple bridges to build the electronics intelligence in familiar web languages.\n\nIn this session, we will play with Arduino microcontrollers and JavaScript to take a first dive into the world of internet controlled electronics, exploring topics such as:\n- Setting up an Arduino to be controlled through web APIs\n- Using JavaScript language bridges on the Arduino\n- The future of web controlled hardware prototyping","descriptionShort":"In this session we'll be exploring how to build rapid hardware prototypes using Arduino boards, all controlled through JavaScript and API data, to allow for innovative, web enabled, software to hardware development techniques.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1754,"sessionId":1475,"attendeeId":8228,"attendees":{"id":8228,"userFirstName":"Jonathan","userLastName":"LeBlanc","twitterHandle":"jcleblanc","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jcleblanc","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Head of Global Developer Advocacy","company":"PayPal","userBioShort":"Emmy award winning engineer, O’Reilly author, and Head of Global Developer Advocacy at PayPal.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1476,"title":"The Rise of Wearable Technology","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Stemming from the rapid prototyping maker movement, technology has taken a huge leap forward to begin true integrations with the human body.  From controlling physical hardware through muscle tension armbands, to heartbeat monitoring wristbands to uniquely identify a person, this year is set to produce the first in a long line of technology leading the way to truly embedded technology. We'll explore this movement and see where the future of technology integrations is leading us as a species.  ","descriptionShort":"Stemming from the rapid prototyping maker movement, technology has taken a huge leap forward to begin true integrations with the human body. We'll explore this movement and see where the future of technology integrations is leading us as a species.  ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1755,"sessionId":1476,"attendeeId":8228,"attendees":{"id":8228,"userFirstName":"Jonathan","userLastName":"LeBlanc","twitterHandle":"jcleblanc","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jcleblanc","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Head of Global Developer Advocacy","company":"PayPal","userBioShort":"Emmy award winning engineer, O’Reilly author, and Head of Global Developer Advocacy at PayPal.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8294,"userLastName":"Clow","userFirstName":"Marshall","company":"Qualcomm","principleJob":"Principal Engineer","twitterHandle":"mclow","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"C++ programmer for Qualcomm; Boost & LLVM contributor, C++ standards committee member. Marshall has presented at the LLVM developer's conference, C++Now, BoostCon, ACCU, MacHack, and previous editions of the SVCC.","userWebsite":"http://cplusplusmusings.wordpress.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1496],"slug":"marshall-clow-8294","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1496,"title":"Hardening your code","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Are you worried that your code has a lot of undiscovered bugs? How can you be confident that your code is reliable? In this session, I will talk about techniques and tools that you can use to reduce the number of bugs/defects in your code base.\n\nCode examples will be in C++ and the tools will be C/C++ specific, but many of the techniques apply to other languages as well.","descriptionShort":"How to make your code base more reliable; tips, tools, and techniques. C++ oriented talk.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1775,"sessionId":1496,"attendeeId":8294,"attendees":{"id":8294,"userFirstName":"Marshall","userLastName":"Clow","twitterHandle":"mclow","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Engineer","company":"Qualcomm","userBioShort":"C++ programmer for Qualcomm; Boost & LLVM contributor, C++ standards committee member.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8367,"userLastName":"McDowell","userFirstName":"Gayle","company":"CareerCup","principleJob":"CEO","twitterHandle":"gayle","facebookId":"gayle","linkedInId":"gaylemcd","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$20","userWebsite":"http://www.gayle.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":18,"attendeesId":8367,"amazonBookNumber":"B00ISYMUR6","bookTitle":"Cracking the PM Interview: How to Land a Product Manager Job in Technology","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kgVwVcL4L._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kgVwVcL4L._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kgVwVcL4L.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2014-03-04T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-04T13:47:24.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-04T13:47:24.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ISYMUR6?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"McDowell, Gayle Laakmann  Bavaro, Jackie  "},{"id":19,"attendeesId":8367,"amazonBookNumber":"0984782850","bookTitle":"Cracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and Solutions","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51l5XzLln+L._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51l5XzLln+L._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51l5XzLln+L.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2015-07-01T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-04T13:47:44.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-04T13:47:44.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/0984782850?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"McDowell, Gayle Laakmann  "},{"id":20,"attendeesId":8367,"amazonBookNumber":"1983860549","bookTitle":"The Big Book of Coding Interviews in C and C++, 3rd Edition: answers to the best programming interview questions on data structures and algorithms","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/414Vdf6rzcL._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/414Vdf6rzcL._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/414Vdf6rzcL.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2018-02-04T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-04T13:48:07.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-04T13:48:07.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1983860549?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Publishing, Interview Druid  "}],"sessionsList":[1412,1413],"slug":"gayle-mcdowell-8367","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1413,"title":"Cracking the Product Manager Interview","approved":true,"allowHtml":"","description":"Product managers are sometimes called the \"CEO of a product.\" But what is a product manager really and how you do you land this role? This talk will discuss what a product manager is, how the role differs across companies, what sort of experience an aspiring PM should cover, and what the PM interview is like and how to master it. This will not be your fluffy be-your-best talk; it will tackle the specific types of interview questions and how to handle them.","descriptionShort":"Product managers are sometimes called the \"CEO of a product.\" But what is a product manager really and how you do you land this role? How to crack the PM interview?","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://tinyurl.com/kgwfe2n","lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1693,"sessionId":1413,"attendeeId":8367,"attendees":{"id":8367,"userFirstName":"Gayle","userLastName":"McDowell","twitterHandle":"gayle","facebookId":"gayle","linkedInId":"gaylemcd","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"CareerCup","userBioShort":"Gayle Laakmann McDowell is the founder and CEO of CareerCup.com and the author of three books.","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":18,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kgVwVcL4L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Cracking the PM Interview: How to Land a Product Manager Job in Technology","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ISYMUR6?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2014-03-04T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"McDowell, Gayle Laakmann  Bavaro, Jackie  "},{"id":19,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51l5XzLln+L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Cracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and Solutions","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/0984782850?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-07-01T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"McDowell, Gayle Laakmann  "},{"id":20,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/414Vdf6rzcL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"The Big Book of Coding Interviews in C and C++, 3rd Edition: answers to the best programming interview questions on data structures and algorithms","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1983860549?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2018-02-04T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Publishing, Interview Druid  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1412,"title":"Cracking the Coding Interview","approved":true,"allowHtml":"","description":"CS interviews are a different breed from other interviews and, as such, require specialized skills and techniques. This talk will teach you how to prepare for coding interviews, what top companies like Google, Amazon, and Microsoft really look for, and how to tackle the toughest programming and algorithm problems. This is not a fluffy be-your-best talk; it is deeply technical and will discuss specific algorithm and data structure topics.","descriptionShort":"From the author of the best-selling coding interview book, this talk will teach you how to prepare for coding interviews and how to tackle the toughest programming and algorithm problems. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/gayle2/cracking-the-coding-interview-40140660","lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1692,"sessionId":1412,"attendeeId":8367,"attendees":{"id":8367,"userFirstName":"Gayle","userLastName":"McDowell","twitterHandle":"gayle","facebookId":"gayle","linkedInId":"gaylemcd","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"CareerCup","userBioShort":"Gayle Laakmann McDowell is the founder and CEO of CareerCup.com and the author of three books.","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":18,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41kgVwVcL4L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Cracking the PM Interview: How to Land a Product Manager Job in Technology","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ISYMUR6?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2014-03-04T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"McDowell, Gayle Laakmann  Bavaro, Jackie  "},{"id":19,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51l5XzLln+L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Cracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and Solutions","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/0984782850?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2015-07-01T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"McDowell, Gayle Laakmann  "},{"id":20,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/414Vdf6rzcL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"The Big Book of Coding Interviews in C and C++, 3rd Edition: answers to the best programming interview questions on data structures and algorithms","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1983860549?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2018-02-04T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Publishing, Interview Druid  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8473,"userLastName":"Mehta","userFirstName":"Bhakti","company":"Blue Jeans Network","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"@bhakti_mehta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"bhaktihmehta","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Bhakti Mehta is the author of \"Developing RESTful Services with JAX-RS 2.0, WebSockets and JSON\" and \"RESTful Java Patterns and Best Practices\". She has a Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering and a Masters degree in Computer Science from State University of New York. She is currently working at BlueJeans Network. She has contributed to various open source projects  and presented at numerous conferences. You can follow her on twitter at https://twitter.com/bhakti_mehta","userWebsite":"www.java.net/blogs/bhaktimehta/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1489],"slug":"bhakti-mehta-8473","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1489,"title":"Real world RESTful service development problems and solutions","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session is a deep dive as well as an interactive discussion on design principles, considerations, lessons learned from mistakes that can be taken into account when developing RESTful services.\nIt will cover a variety of topics from Designing of RESTful resources, Versioning, Exception Handling, Caching, Validation, Security, Rate limiting, HATEOAS, Testing\nand Documentation.\nThis talk will walk through and compare the different REST API provided by companies like Twitter, Paypal, Google, Stripe and more we can learn the good, the bad and ugly. So join me in this talk to build high quality applications that can be highly scalable, available and reliable.\n","descriptionShort":"This session will cover some of the best practices, lessons learned, deep dive in designing RESTful services.  This can be targeted for the novices to advanced programmers. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1768,"sessionId":1489,"attendeeId":8473,"attendees":{"id":8473,"userFirstName":"Bhakti","userLastName":"Mehta","twitterHandle":"@bhakti_mehta","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"bhaktihmehta","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","company":"Blue Jeans Network","userBioShort":"Bhakti Mehta is the author of \"Developing RESTful Services with JAX-RS 2.0, WebSockets and JSON\".","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8480,"userLastName":"Ashley","userFirstName":"Kevin","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@kashleytwit","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Kevin Ashley is a Microsoft Architect Evangelist, an author of Professional Windows 8 Programming book and a developer of top apps and games for Windows 8 with millions of users. Kevin often presents about technology at various events, industry shows and webcasts. In his role he works with startups and partners, advising on software design, business and technology strategy, architecture and development. Prior to Microsoft, he was a founder of an early-stage cloud and business intelligence software startup. In his role as a senior software developer and architect, Kevin developed grid, data warehousing and real-time trading solutions for Fortune 500 companies and hedge funds worldwide: US, Europe and Asia. Kevin has degrees in Mathematics, Computer Science and MBA from the University of Connecticut.  \nKevin’s blog: http://kevinashley.com and Twitter: @kashleytwit  \n","userWebsite":"http://kevinashley.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1486],"slug":"kevin-ashley-8480","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1486,"title":"Deep dive into Windows Phone apps: Sensors, Bluetooth, Cortana","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"\"Cortana, do you love me?\" CORTANA: \"Y'know, I'm really not ready for love. I'm still working my way through serenity and apprehension\". Deep dive into rapidly expanding Microsoft platform that brings a new set of amazing features: from AI to sensors support, new features in Bluetooth API and background tasks, maps and more! ","descriptionShort":"Deep dive into rapidly expanding Microsoft platform that brings a new set of amazing features: from AI to sensors support, new features in Bluetooth API and background tasks, maps and more! ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1765,"sessionId":1486,"attendeeId":8480,"attendees":{"id":8480,"userFirstName":"Kevin","userLastName":"Ashley","twitterHandle":"@kashleytwit","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Kevin Ashley is a Microsoft Architect Evangelist, an author of Professional Windows 8 Programming book and a developer of top apps and games for Windows 8 with millions of users.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8502,"userLastName":"Clark","userFirstName":"Jeremy","company":"JeremyBytes.com","principleJob":"Developer Betterer","twitterHandle":"@jeremybytes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-clark-21a6822","blueskyHandle":"jeremybytes.bsky.social","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Jeremy Clark makes developers better. By drawing on over 15 years of experience in application development, he helps developers take a step up in their skillset with a focus on making complex topics approachable regardless of skill level. He is a Microsoft MVP for Visual C#, and he has authored seven courses for Pluralsight, including \"C# Interfaces\", a course aimed at giving developers a clear understanding of abstraction. Jeremy lives in Southern California with 2 cats and a banjo. For more information, visit www.jeremybytes.com.","userWebsite":"http://www.jeremybytes.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2503,2504,3648],"slug":"jeremy-clark-8502","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2503,"title":"Clean Code: Homicidal Maniacs Read Code, Too","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"There's no such thing as a write-once application. The world is constantly changing, and our code needs to change with it. We'll think in small pieces and take a look at some principles and techniques that will keep our code manageable and understandable. Think about the developer who will come after you. Now, imagine that he's a homicidal maniac who knows where you live. Examples will be in C#, but the principles apply to pretty much every programming language.","descriptionShort":"The world is constantly changing, and our code needs to change with it. We'll think in small pieces and look at some principles and techniques that will keep our code manageable and understandable.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.jeremybytes.com/Demos.aspx#CC","lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2783,"sessionId":2503,"attendeeId":8502,"attendees":{"id":8502,"userFirstName":"Jeremy","userLastName":"Clark","twitterHandle":"@jeremybytes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-clark-21a6822","blueskyHandle":"jeremybytes.bsky.social","principleJob":"Developer Betterer","company":"JeremyBytes.com","userBioShort":"Jeremy Clark makes developers better","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2504,"title":"Learn to Love Lambdas (C#)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Lambda expressions can be confusing the first time you walk up to them. But once you get to know them, you’ll see that they are a great addition to your toolbox. Used properly, they can add elegance and simplicity to your code. And some .NET constructs (such as LINQ) lend themselves to lambda expressions. We’ll take a look at how lambda expressions work and see them in action.  No specific experience is required (but some .NET is helpful).","descriptionShort":"Lambda expressions can be confusing the first time you walk up to them. But once you get to know them, you’ll see that they are a great addition to your toolbox. Used properly, they can add elegance and simplicity to your code.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.jeremybytes.com/Demos.aspx#LLL","lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2784,"sessionId":2504,"attendeeId":8502,"attendees":{"id":8502,"userFirstName":"Jeremy","userLastName":"Clark","twitterHandle":"@jeremybytes","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremy-clark-21a6822","blueskyHandle":"jeremybytes.bsky.social","principleJob":"Developer Betterer","company":"JeremyBytes.com","userBioShort":"Jeremy Clark makes developers better","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},"$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":8503,"userLastName":"Tambe","userFirstName":"Sumant","company":"LinkedIn","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"@sutambe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sumanttambe","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Sumant is a Sr. Software Engineer at LinkedIn and a Microsoft MVP. He helps run Kafka and the related streaming infrastructure at LinkedIn. He contributes in open-source Apache Kafka and writes Kafka Truths and C++ Truths blogs. Previously he worked on reactive stream processing for Industrial IoT system in RTI.","userWebsite":"http://cpptruths.blogspot.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1463,3617],"slug":"sumant-tambe-8503","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3617,"title":"Fun with Lambdas: C++14 Style","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"If virtual functions in C++ imply design patterns, then C++ lambdas imply what? What does it really mean to have lambdas in C++? Guess what, it's BIG. Just like virtual functions open doors to the OO paradigm, lambdas open doors to a different paradigm--the Functional paradigm. This talk is not a praise of functional programming or some elusive lambda-based library. (Although, I'll mention one briefly that tops my list these days) Instead, the goal is to have fun while working our way through some mind-bending examples of C++14 lambdas. Beware, your brain will hurt! Bring your laptop and code the examples right along because that may be the fastest way to answer the quiz.","descriptionShort":"Learn from some mind-bending examples of generic lambdas in C++14 and how they open doors to the Functional programming style in C++14.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/SumantTambe/fun-with-lambdas-c14-style","lectureRoomsId":38,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3915,"sessionId":3617,"attendeeId":8503,"attendees":{"id":8503,"userFirstName":"Sumant","userLastName":"Tambe","twitterHandle":"@sutambe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sumanttambe","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","company":"LinkedIn","userBioShort":"Kafka-Dev, Microsoft MVP, Open-Source Contributor, Blogger, Author, Father, and Gamer","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3402"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1463,"title":"Reactive Programming with DDS and Rx","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$21","descriptionShort":"Rx4DDS.NET: Reactive Programming using RTI Connext DDS and Microsoft Rx","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://blogs.rti.com/2014/04/09/reactive-programming-using-rx4dds/","lectureRoomsId":7,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1741,"sessionId":1463,"attendeeId":8503,"attendees":{"id":8503,"userFirstName":"Sumant","userLastName":"Tambe","twitterHandle":"@sutambe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sumanttambe","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","company":"LinkedIn","userBioShort":"Kafka-Dev, Microsoft MVP, Open-Source Contributor, Blogger, Author, Father, and Gamer","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4202"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8573,"userLastName":"Enright","userFirstName":"Bill","company":"Y Is Up","principleJob":"The Management","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Developer of lifta, a functional library for asynchronous work at the application level. 35+ years of experience in software development. Software engineering manager in the life sciences field. JavaScript and Node enthusiast in the wee hours. Strong interest in using functional approaches to building games and apps.","userWebsite":"https://github.com/enright/lifta","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1420],"slug":"bill-enright-8573","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1420,"title":"JavaScript Game Microservers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Creating numerous nodejs microservers (each < 100 lines of code), each implementing an aspect of game mechanics or storage functions, to quickly compose prototypes of single-player games in the browser or create multiplayer turn-based games.","descriptionShort":"Writing small servers with nodejs to implement backend functionality for game composition.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1699,"sessionId":1420,"attendeeId":8573,"attendees":{"id":8573,"userFirstName":"Bill","userLastName":"Enright","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"The Management","company":"Y Is Up","userBioShort":"JavaScript enthusiast with strong interest in functional approaches to building apps.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8590,"userLastName":"Richardson","userFirstName":"Chris","company":"Eventuate, Inc","principleJob":"Founder","twitterHandle":"@crichardson","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$22","userWebsite":"http://learnmicroservices.io","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":8,"attendeesId":8590,"amazonBookNumber":"1617294543","bookTitle":"Microservices Patterns: With examples in Java","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51b370sKEgL._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51b370sKEgL._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51b370sKEgL.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2018-11-19T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-02T07:02:04.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-02T07:02:04.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"1","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1617294543?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Richardson, Chris  "},{"id":9,"attendeesId":8590,"amazonBookNumber":"1932394583","bookTitle":"POJOs in Action: Developing Enterprise Applications with Lightweight Frameworks","bookDescription":"","active":true,"amazonImageAvailable":false,"amazonStandardLinkText":"","amazonStandardLinkHtml":"","amazonShortLinkText":"","amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Os0JJuk4L._SL75_.jpg","amazonImageMedium":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Os0JJuk4L._SL160_.jpg","amazonImageLarge":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Os0JJuk4L.jpg","bookPublishedDate":"2006-02-02T00:00:00.000Z","dateAdded":"2019-10-02T07:03:26.000Z","dateUpdated":"2019-10-02T07:03:26.000Z","approved":true,"sequence":"2","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1932394583?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","authors":"Richardson, Chris  "}],"sessionsList":[1454,1455],"slug":"chris-richardson-8590","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1455,"title":"Map, flatmap and reduce are your new best friends","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Higher-order functions such as map(), flatmap(), filter() and reduce() have their origins in mathematics and ancient functional programming languages such as Lisp. But today they have entered the mainstream and are available in languages such as JavaScript, Scala and Java 8. They are well on their way to becoming an essential part of every developer’s toolbox. \n\nIn this talk you will learn how these and other higher-order functions enable you to write simple, expressive and concise code that solve problems in a diverse set of domains. We will describe how you use them to process collections in Java and Scala. You will learn how functional Futures and Rx (Reactive Extensions) Observables simplify concurrent code. We will even talk about how to write big data applications in a functional style using libraries such as Scalding.","descriptionShort":"In this talk you will learn how these and other higher-order functions enable you to write simple, expressive and concise code that solve problems in a diverse set of domains. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/fpj1svcc2014","lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1733,"sessionId":1455,"attendeeId":8590,"attendees":{"id":8590,"userFirstName":"Chris","userLastName":"Richardson","twitterHandle":"@crichardson","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Founder","company":"Eventuate, Inc","userBioShort":"Founder of Eventuate, Author of POJOs in Action, creator of the original Cloud Foundry","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":8,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51b370sKEgL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Microservices Patterns: With examples in Java","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1617294543?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2018-11-19T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Richardson, Chris  "},{"id":9,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Os0JJuk4L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"POJOs in Action: Developing Enterprise Applications with Lightweight Frameworks","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1932394583?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2006-02-02T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Richardson, Chris  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1454,"title":"Developing applications with a micro-service architecture","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The micro-service architecture, which structures an application as a set of small, narrowly focused, independently deployable services, is becoming an increasingly popular way to build applications. This approach avoids many of the problems of a monolithic architecture. It simplifies deployment and let’s you create highly scalable and available applications.\n\nIn this talk we describe the micro-service architecture and how to use it to build complex applications. You will learn how techniques such as Command Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) and Event Sourcing address the key challenges of developing applications with this architecture. We will also cover some of the various frameworks such as NodeJS and Spring Boot that you can use to implement micro-services.\n","descriptionShort":"In this talk we describe the micro-service architecture and how to use it to build complex applications.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/mssvcc2014","lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1732,"sessionId":1454,"attendeeId":8590,"attendees":{"id":8590,"userFirstName":"Chris","userLastName":"Richardson","twitterHandle":"@crichardson","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Founder","company":"Eventuate, Inc","userBioShort":"Founder of Eventuate, Author of POJOs in Action, creator of the original Cloud Foundry","attendeesAmazonBook":[{"id":8,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51b370sKEgL._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"Microservices Patterns: With examples in Java","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1617294543?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2018-11-19T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Richardson, Chris  "},{"id":9,"amazonImageSmall":"https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51Os0JJuk4L._SL75_.jpg","bookTitle":"POJOs in Action: Developing Enterprise Applications with Lightweight Frameworks","detailPageUrl":"https://www.amazon.com/dp/1932394583?tag=petkelsblo-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1","bookPublishedDate":"2006-02-02T00:00:00.000Z","authors":"Richardson, Chris  "}],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8637,"userLastName":"Vedantam","userFirstName":"Sastry","company":"Oracle","principleJob":"Principal Technical Consultant","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Sastry has 16+ years of rich, robust and diversified IT and Functional experience in multiple technologies spread across various domains, businesses and verticals.  His strengths are in pre-sales/program/delivery/account management and on time and on budget delivery of large projects adhering to the quality norms and to the utmost customer satisfaction.  He also has strong and proven expertise in providing Architectural Consultancy to global projects.\n\n\nJoined Sun Microsystems in 2008 as Enterprise Solution Architect handling Deployment Architecture using JavaCAPS ( Middleware) applications. After MySQL Merger in to Sun and then later into Oracle worked different technologies including MySQL , Fusion Middleware Solutions. Currently working as sr. technical Consultant in the MySQL team. \n","userWebsite":"www.mysql.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1456],"slug":"sastry-vedantam-8637","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1456,"title":"MySQL Enterprise Monitor","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"MySQL Enterpriser Monitor : MySQL Enterprise Monitor is a companion product for MySQL Server that monitors your MySQL instances, notifies you of potential issues and problems, and advises you how to fix the issues. MySQL Enterprise Monitor can monitor all kinds of configurations, from a single MySQL instance that is important to your business, all the way up to a huge farm of database server machines powering a busy web site.","descriptionShort":"Session  describes the basic components that make up the MySQL Enterprise Monitor product. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://www.mysql.com","lectureRoomsId":21,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1734,"sessionId":1456,"attendeeId":8637,"attendees":{"id":8637,"userFirstName":"Sastry","userLastName":"Vedantam","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Technical Consultant","company":"Oracle","userBioShort":"Sastry Has experience in Databases, Middle ware products with 17 years of experience. Currently working for oracle as Sr Sales Consultant for MySQL.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4305"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8684,"userLastName":"Geracie","userFirstName":"Greg","company":"Actuation Consulting","principleJob":"President","twitterHandle":"@greggeracie","facebookId":"ActuationConsulting","linkedInId":"greg-geracie","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Mr. Geracie is the author of the global best seller Take Charge Product Management© and the Editor-in-Chief of The Guide to the Product Management and Marketing Body of Knowledge. This is an industry-wide effort to standardize the practice of product management.\n\nGreg is the President of Actuation Consulting, the world\"s leading product management consulting and training organization. \n\nHe is also an Adjunct Professor at DePaul University's College of Computing and Digital Media where he teaches a course on high-tech product management. ","userWebsite":"www.ActuationConsulting.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1464],"slug":"greg-geracie-8684","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:41:presenterSessions:0"]},{"id":8689,"userLastName":"Fox","userFirstName":"Jack","company":"Tachyus","principleJob":"Engineer","twitterHandle":"@foxyjackfox","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jackfox","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Jack Fox is an F# MVP who works as a software engineer at Tachyus, the first Silicon Valley tech company to implement full stack F# across all its production software platforms. He has a passion for software correctness, and sees strongly-typed functional-first languages, and F# in particular, as the key to consistently correct production software. He has presented functional and type-theory topics at SVCC, Chicago Lambda Jam, the N.Y. City F# User Group, the S.F. Bay Area F# User Group, and S.F. Types, Theorems, and Programming languages. ","userWebsite":"jackfoxy.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2569],"slug":"jack-fox-8689","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2569,"title":"Functional Programming for Production Quality Code","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session presents practical functional techniques for achieving correctness in production quality code from strongly-typed functional-first languages. Discussion and examples are in F# and SQL. The techniques and languages demonstrated are applicable across Linux and Windows servers, all mobile devices (iOS, Android, etc.), and single board computers such as Raspberry Pi.","descriptionShort":"Practical functional techniques for correct production quality code using the strongly-typed functional-first language F#. Applicable across Linux and Windows servers, all mobile devices, and single board computers such as Raspberry Pi.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://tinyurl.com/kzf5ry4","lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2856,"sessionId":2569,"attendeeId":8689,"attendees":{"id":8689,"userFirstName":"Jack","userLastName":"Fox","twitterHandle":"@foxyjackfox","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jackfox","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Engineer","company":"Tachyus","userBioShort":"Jack Fox is an F# MVP who works as a software engineer at Tachyus, the first Silicon Valley tech company to implement full stack F# across all its production software platforms. He has a passion for software correctness, and  has presented functional and type-theory topics at SVCC, Chicago Lambda Jam, the N.Y. City F# User Group, the S.F. Bay Area F# User Group, and S.F. Types, Theorems, and Programming languages.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":8764,"userLastName":"O'Dwyer","userFirstName":"Arthur","company":"Nominum","principleJob":"Staff Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Arthur O'Dwyer worked for many years at Green Hills Software, making the world's most optimizing C and C++ compilers. These days he makes DNS servers at Nominum, speaks at C++ conferences, and is writing a book about the C++ Standard Library.","userWebsite":"github.com/Quuxplusone","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2565],"slug":"arthur-odwyer-8764","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2565,"title":"C++11 in the Wild: Techniques from a Real Codebase","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Three techniques from a production C++11 codebase. <br>\nThe Auto() macro allows writing arbitrary end-of-scope cleanup code\nin-line, with zero boilerplate and zero runtime overhead. <br>\nmake_iterable() (alias boost::iterator_range) takes a pair of\niterators and turns them back into a \"container\" usable in C++11's\nranged for loop. <br>\nstd::spaceship (not actually part of the standard) implements a\nPerl-style <=> operator in a maximally efficient way for C++11 tuples.","descriptionShort":"Techniques from MemSQL's C++11 codebase. The Auto() macro is the next evolution of OnScopeExit(). make_iterable (a.k.a. as_range) allows \"viewing\" an arbitrary range as if it were a container. StringConverter. std::spaceship.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.club.cc.cmu.edu/~ajo/disseminate/cppcon/","lectureRoomsId":33,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2852,"sessionId":2565,"attendeeId":8764,"attendees":{"id":8764,"userFirstName":"Arthur","userLastName":"O'Dwyer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Staff Software Engineer","company":"Nominum","userBioShort":"Arthur has spoken at CppCon, C++Now, and SVCC, and is writing a book about the C++ Standard Library.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5001"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":9274,"userLastName":"Sonthalia","userFirstName":"Paran","company":"Mango Apps","principleJob":"Student","twitterHandle":"https://twitter.com/Psonthalia2000","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"http://www.linkedin.com/pub/paran-sonthalia/85/a32/9bb/","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Paran Sonthalia is a sixteen year old programmer who has five iOS apps on the iOS App Store and is working on multiple more apps which will be out soon. He likes to program in many languages including Java, HTML, CSS, Python, Javascript, and Objective-C, Swift, and C#. He started programming when he was eight years old and has continued doing so. He has been learning multiple new languages and tools such as Unity and Android Studio. He has been teaching other kids how to start programming for over 4 years now and they have continued programming. ","userWebsite":"http://mangoap.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3671],"slug":"paran-sonthalia-9274","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3671,"title":"Build Your First iOS App","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Ever wanted to build your own app; well here is your chance! In this class you\nwill learn how to create a simple game using Xcode, you will find out about different tools to build iOS apps, and the steps needed to publish an iOS app. You will learn how to switch between multiple screens, how to add images, and make a basic user interface. This is a great way to be introduced into the world of iOS programming, and with all of these resources, you can continue to learn and build even more apps at home. Make sure that if you have a Mac then bring it with Xcode installed and you must be willing to share your laptop with people who don’t have a Mac.","descriptionShort":"Ever wanted to build your own app; well here is your chance to build your very first App for an iOS device!","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":48,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3993,"sessionId":3671,"attendeeId":9274,"attendees":{"id":9274,"userFirstName":"Paran","userLastName":"Sonthalia","twitterHandle":"https://twitter.com/Psonthalia2000","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"http://www.linkedin.com/pub/paran-sonthalia/85/a32/9bb/","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Student","company":"Mango Apps","userBioShort":"Paran Sonthalia is a senior in high school and started to code when he was eight years old. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4601"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":9576,"userLastName":"O'Neill","userFirstName":"Megan","company":"PayPal","principleJob":"UX Designer","twitterHandle":"hellomeganw","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"hellomegan","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Megan O'Neill is a Senior Product Designer on PayPal's Next Gen Commerce (NGC) team. NGC is a multidisciplinary team focused on strategic partnerships and emerging opportunities. ","userWebsite":"PayPal.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2555],"slug":"megan-oneill-9576","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2555,"title":"Put pencil to paper, sketching skills for Engineers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Many people believe that sketching is a designer-only skill and not useful for many technical jobs. However, when working in a collaborative work environment, sketching is an essential communication tool between design and engineering. This session is focused on giving practical advice and techniques for Engineers to build their sketching skills. Discussion will include sketching general concepts, user flows, user interface elements, basic wireframes, and problem statements. There will also be an opportunity to practice with several hands on activities. If you are interested in building confidence in contributing to design conversation and decisions, then this is the session for you!","descriptionShort":"Sketching is an essential communication tool between design and engineering. If you are interested in sketching and want to building confidence in contributing to design conversation and decisions, then this is the session for you!  ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2839,"sessionId":2555,"attendeeId":9576,"attendees":{"id":9576,"userFirstName":"Megan","userLastName":"O'Neill","twitterHandle":"hellomeganw","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"hellomegan","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"UX Designer","company":"PayPal","userBioShort":"Megan O'Neill is a Senior Product Designer on PayPal's Next Gen Commerce team. \n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":9715,"userLastName":"Yang","userFirstName":"Jae","company":"Serene Plains","principleJob":"Chief Keyboard Masher","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Jae Yang is an ex-aerospace engineer who worked on FAA certified simulators for training and forensics analysis. He currently works as a software engineer. On his off time, he develops open source project to help him trade stocks. His interests include developing addons for Node.js, writing various middlewares, and developing fully distributed automated trading system.\n\nMy git repos:\nhttps://gitlord.com\n\n","userWebsite":"https://gitlord.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3647],"slug":"jae-yang-9715","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3647,"title":"Developing Automated Stock Trading System with Node.js","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Jae Yang is an aerospace engineer working in a Sunnyvale company that develops FAA qualified flight simulators and training devices. He started trading in 2006.\n\n“node-ibapi-addon” is an open source Node.js addon of Interactive Brokers API that maps C++ API calls to javascript calls. This addon allows automated trading systems developers to write the logic in javascript and to utilize many of the features of Node.js.\n\nIn this session, Jae will go over how to build and install node-ibapi-addon, and how to structure your ATS code to use the addon.\n\nBonus material on how the whole addon was written.","descriptionShort":"Learn how to use JavaScript on Node.js to write your own stock trading program.\n\nBonus material on how the whole addon was written.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3949,"sessionId":3647,"attendeeId":9715,"attendees":{"id":9715,"userFirstName":"Jae","userLastName":"Yang","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Chief Keyboard Masher","company":"Serene Plains","userBioShort":"On his off time, Jae develops open source project to help him trade stocks.\nhttps://gitlord.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10286,"userLastName":"Jarvinen","userFirstName":"Ryan","company":"Red Hat","principleJob":"Open Platform Evangelist","twitterHandle":"ryanj","facebookId":"ryanjarvinen","linkedInId":"ryanjarvinen","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Ryan Jarvinen is an open source evangelist working with RedHat's OpenShift team.  He lives in Oakland, California and is passionate about open source, open standards, open government, and digital rights.  You can reach him as 'ryanj' on twitter, github, and IRC.","userWebsite":"ryanjarvinen.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2586],"slug":"ryan-jarvinen-10286","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2586,"title":"Getting RESTless with MeteorJS and MongoDB in the Browser","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Meteor allows you to quickly build interactive, multi-user, realtime applications. In this session, we'll take a look at the data APIs and security controls that Meteor provides, allowing for client-side access to MongoDB in the browser.","descriptionShort":"Meteor allows you to quickly build interactive, multi-user, realtime applications. In this session, we'll take a look at the data APIs and security controls that Meteor provides, allowing for client-side access to MongoDB in the browser.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://ryanjarvinen.com/presentations/getting_RESTless/","lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2875,"sessionId":2586,"attendeeId":10286,"attendees":{"id":10286,"userFirstName":"Ryan","userLastName":"Jarvinen","twitterHandle":"ryanj","facebookId":"ryanjarvinen","linkedInId":"ryanjarvinen","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Open Platform Evangelist","company":"Red Hat","userBioShort":"Ryan Jarvinen is an open source evangelist working with RedHat's OpenShift team.  He lives in Oakland, California and is passionate about open source, open standards, open government, and digital rights.  You can reach him as 'ryanj' on twitter, github, and IRC.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10295,"userLastName":"Smith","userFirstName":"Scott","company":"Degreed","principleJob":"VP of Engineering","twitterHandle":"scottksmith95","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"scottksmith95","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"VP of Engineering at Degreed, writer, speaker, created Coderbits and Favatron, lifelong learner, and tropical island junky.\n\nCurrently learning about leadership, engineering, and astro physics.","userWebsite":"http://scottksmith.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2546],"slug":"scott-smith-10295","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2546,"title":"Beer Locker: Building a RESTful API with Node.js","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"With an ever growing collection of beer, I am in dire need of a way to store and track it. What better way to do this than to create an application.\n\nThis will be a hands on live coding session where we will create a RESTful API using Node, Express, Mongoose, and MongoDB.\n\nWhen we are done, we should have an API that supports CRUD operations, have a solid understanding of best practices and tooling, and most important of all, a place to store our beer!","descriptionShort":"Learn how to create a RESTful API in Node.js with Express, Mongoose, and MongoDB.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://scottksmith.com/speaking/","lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2829,"sessionId":2546,"attendeeId":10295,"attendees":{"id":10295,"userFirstName":"Scott","userLastName":"Smith","twitterHandle":"scottksmith95","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"scottksmith95","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"VP of Engineering","company":"Degreed","userBioShort":"VP of Engineering at Degreed, writer, speaker, created Coderbits and Favatron.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10398,"userLastName":"Reynolds","userFirstName":"Joseph","company":"Like A Boss Coding, LLC","principleJob":"Software Architect","twitterHandle":"iddJoe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"josephreynolds","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"With a Bachelor in Psychology, a Master’s in IT, several years as a C# MVP, and graduate work in Technical Communications, Joe is able to offer a unique variety of services to his customers. When not working in the office, or at home, Joe can generally be found at St. Jonah Orthodox Church, or at one of the many User Groups in which he regularly participates.","userWebsite":"http://www.LikeABossCoding.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1421],"slug":"joseph-reynolds-10398","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1421,"title":"Performance Testing with Visual Studio","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Visual Studio provides some exceptional tools for performance testing, particularly in relation to Web Performance and Web Service Performance. Even better, you can use Azure to run your tests! This session will provide you with an overview of the tools available to you, and some best practices based on projects I've been working on, and what has worked out best for our team.\n\nSome of the topics that will be covered include:\n   * Recorded Web Tests\n   * Coded Web Tests\n   * Web Service Tests\n   * Setting up a test environment\n   * Testing using Azure as the environment","descriptionShort":"This session will provide you with an overview of the tools available to you for Web and Service Testing, as well as some best practices based on projects I've been working on, and what has worked out best for our team.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1700,"sessionId":1421,"attendeeId":10398,"attendees":{"id":10398,"userFirstName":"Joseph","userLastName":"Reynolds","twitterHandle":"iddJoe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"josephreynolds","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Architect","company":"Like A Boss Coding, LLC","userBioShort":"C# MVP, Father, and all around nice guy. At least he hopes so.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10569,"userLastName":"Lee","userFirstName":"Sherman","company":"Good Audience","principleJob":"Founder","twitterHandle":"sherm8n","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"shermlee","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Founder/CEO of @GoodAudience ( @Techstars London 2014.) First company at 16. Scaled content platform at @Yahoo from 0 to 600M users. Led product management in search with a team of 25 research scientists. CS @Berkeley.","userWebsite":"http://www.goodaudience.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2564],"slug":"sherman-lee-10569","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2564,"title":"How Our SaaS Startup Got 1000 Early Beta Customers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"We'll outline exactly how we got our SaaS startup 1,000 beta customers. \n\nThis initial milestone is important to reach quickly. Getting traction is hard. We entered Techstars with an unscalable business. We recognized that, scrapped it, dug deep for customer feedback and pivoted. \n\nTo play catch up and validate our idea, we had to be lean and growth hack our way into 1,000 beta customers.","descriptionShort":"We'll outline exactly how we got our SaaS startup 1,000 beta customers. \n\nWe entered Techstars with an unscalable business. We recognized that, scrapped it, dug deep for customer feedback and pivoted.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2851,"sessionId":2564,"attendeeId":10569,"attendees":{"id":10569,"userFirstName":"Sherman","userLastName":"Lee","twitterHandle":"sherm8n","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"shermlee","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Founder","company":"Good Audience","userBioShort":"Founder/CEO of @GoodAudience ( @Techstars London 2014.) First company at 16. Scaled content platform at @Yahoo from 0 to 600M users. Led product management in search with a team of 25 research scientists. CS @Berkeley.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10801,"userLastName":"Miles","userFirstName":"Troy","company":"Kelley Blue Book","principleJob":"senior software engineer","twitterHandle":"@therockncoder","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"troy-miles-7516321","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"$23","userWebsite":"therockncoder.blogspot.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1444,1445],"slug":"troy-miles-10801","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1444,"title":"Intro to Mobile Game Programming with Cocos2d-x, Part 1","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"If we've learned anything from the \"Flappy Bird\" incident, it is that it is still possible for a free game, from an independent developer to make money, a lot of money. Video games are extremely popular on smart phones and tablets. While the odds are against your game becoming a smash hit, is still possible to make a fun game which generates a bit of money via direct sales or in-game advertising. \n\nIn this three part session we will explore using Cocos2d-x, an open source game engine, to build games for all three major smart phone platforms - Android, Apple, and Microsoft. Unlike other game engines, Cocos2d-x is not only free, it runs on multiple platforms giving you the ability to port your game not only to the most popular phone platforms but to desktop platforms like Windows and Mac OS X.\n","descriptionShort":"Learn to build mobile games with the free and open source Cocos2d-x game engine.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/Rockncoder/PlaneGame2","lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1722,"sessionId":1444,"attendeeId":10801,"attendees":{"id":10801,"userFirstName":"Troy","userLastName":"Miles","twitterHandle":"@therockncoder","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"troy-miles-7516321","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"senior software engineer","company":"Kelley Blue Book","userBioShort":"An award winning developer and author.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1445,"title":"Intro to Mobile Game Programming with Cocos2d-x, Part 2","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In the second session, we will put together a simple but playable game. We will write our code in C++ and port to all of the platforms. I will show how to animate characters and create levels in CocoStudio then use in our game. Plus I will delve into the crucial but rarely included technique of debugging your code. ","descriptionShort":"In the second session, we will put together a simple but playable game.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/Rockncoder/PlaneGame2","lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1723,"sessionId":1445,"attendeeId":10801,"attendees":{"id":10801,"userFirstName":"Troy","userLastName":"Miles","twitterHandle":"@therockncoder","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"troy-miles-7516321","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"senior software engineer","company":"Kelley Blue Book","userBioShort":"An award winning developer and author.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10803,"userLastName":"Chuvyrov","userFirstName":"Eugene","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Sr. Cloud Architect","twitterHandle":"@EugeneChuvyrov","facebookId":"eugene.chuvyrov","linkedInId":"eugenechuvyrov","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Eugene Chuvyrov is  a Senior Cloud Architect at Microsoft. He works directly with both startups and enterprises to enable their solutions in Microsoft cloud, and to make Azure better as a result of this work with partners. Over his tenure at Microsoft, his focus varied from modern DevOps, to enabling AI solutions in the cloud, to advising customers on creating Blockchain solutions in Azure. He is looking forward to sharing his knowledge from those engagements with the community.","userWebsite":"http://linkedin.com/in/eugenechuvyrov/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3625],"slug":"eugene-chuvyrov-10803","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3625,"title":"Introduction to Machine Learning with Azure ML","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Machine Learning allows us to build intelligent software systems of tomorrow - these systems allow us to better diagnose and treat patients, correctly recommend interesting books or movies, and even make the self-driving car a reality. Combining Machine Learning with cloud technologies, such as Azure, reduces the friction and lowers the knowledge barriers for people doing their own experimentation on data. Azure ML, a new offering from Microsoft, allows us to harness the power or Machine Learning and Big Data with little more than a browser and a credit card. In this session, we will take a look at how to create ML models with Azure ML Studio and deploy those models to production in minutes. We will also touch on integrating Azure ML with HDInsight (Hadoop as a Service on Azure). Participants will walk away with basic knowledge necessary to start applying a bit of ML magic to their own data sets, no matter how big or small.","descriptionShort":"Azure ML is a cloud service for predictive analytics, allowing simple drag-and-drop gestures for people without deep data science background. In this session, we will explore Azure ML and other approaches to machine learning in the cloud on Azure.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3923,"sessionId":3625,"attendeeId":10803,"attendees":{"id":10803,"userFirstName":"Eugene","userLastName":"Chuvyrov","twitterHandle":"@EugeneChuvyrov","facebookId":"eugene.chuvyrov","linkedInId":"eugenechuvyrov","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Cloud Architect","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Cloud Architect at Microsoft focused on accelerating modern DevOps, Machine Learning and Blockchain.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10812,"userLastName":"Bowne","userFirstName":"Sam","company":"City College San Francisco","principleJob":"instructor, Computer Networking and Information Technology","twitterHandle":"@sambowne","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Sam Bowne has been teaching computer networking and security classes at CCSF since 2000. He has given talks at CodeCamp, DEFCON, BayThreat, LayerOne, and Toorcon, and taught classes and seminars at many other schools and teaching conferences. \n\nHe has a Ph.D. and a CISSP and a lot of other certifications, and a lot of computer and cables and firewalls and stuff.","userWebsite":"samsclass.info","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1457],"slug":"sam-bowne-10812","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1457,"title":"I Own Your Web App","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Web applications are very often wide-open doors for hackers to exploit, stealing data, defacing Websites, and often traversing through a network owning server after server.\n\nThe Code Camp website demonstrates several poor security practices, which I will demonstrate.\n\nI will also demonstrate several common vulnerabilities, showing how to exploit them, and how to patch the vulnerable code, including:\n\nSQL Injection\nCross-Site Request Forgery\nCross-Site Scripting\nLocal File Inclusion\n\nI will provide live demonstration apps and code on my Website for everyone to use freely.\n\nNothing here is new, and the most important information is more than ten years old.  However, this information is missing from many programming classes and textbooks and new Web apps are still repeating the mistakes of the past.  I hope to inspire more coders to consider security earlier in the development process.\n","descriptionShort":"Web applications are very often wide-open doors for hackers, including the Code Camp website.\n\nI will demonstrate several common vulnerabilities, including:\n\nSQL Injection\nCross-Site Request Forgery\nCross-Site Scripting\nLocal File Inclusion","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://samsclass.info","lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1735,"sessionId":1457,"attendeeId":10812,"attendees":{"id":10812,"userFirstName":"Sam","userLastName":"Bowne","twitterHandle":"@sambowne","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"instructor, Computer Networking and Information Technology","company":"City College San Francisco","userBioShort":"Sam Bowne has been teaching computer networking and security classes at CCSF since 2000. He has given talks at CodeCamp, DEFCON, BayThreat, LayerOne, and Toorcon, and taught classes and seminars at many other schools and teaching conferences. \n\nHe has a Ph.D. and a CISSP and a lot of other certifications, and a lot of computer and cables and firewalls and stuff.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":10983,"userLastName":"Marx","userFirstName":"Steve","company":"Dropbox","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","twitterHandle":"smarx","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Steve Marx is a Developer Advocate at Dropbox. Before joining Dropbox, he built his own startup (Site44) on top of the Dropbox platform, and before that he worked on cloud computing at Microsoft.","userWebsite":"blog.smarx.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2563],"slug":"steve-marx-10983","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2563,"title":"Syncing Is Hard","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"If you're building a mobile app or a client-heavy HTML/JavaScript app, there's probably data that you manipulate locally on a device and also store on a server. That means you're syncing, and syncing is hard. This talk will cover all the things you're probably NOT thinking about when rolling your own syncing engine, like offline caching, change notification, and advanced conflict resolution. Drawing from his experience at Dropbox and Microsoft, Steve will discuss the thorny challenges and potential solutions for sync.","descriptionShort":"This talk will cover all the things you're probably NOT thinking about when rolling your own syncing engine, like offline caching, change notification, and advanced conflict resolution.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/1wubABX","lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2850,"sessionId":2563,"attendeeId":10983,"attendees":{"id":10983,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Marx","twitterHandle":"smarx","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","company":"Dropbox","userBioShort":"Steve Marx is a Developer Advocate at Dropbox. Before joining Dropbox, he built his own startup (Site44) on top of the Dropbox platform, and before that he worked on cloud computing at Microsoft.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11098,"userLastName":"Laddad","userFirstName":"Shadaj","company":"N/A","principleJob":"Student","twitterHandle":"ShadajL","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"Shadaj loves to program. He has programmed in Ruby, Python, C, Java, Javascript, and Scala—his favorite. Shadaj hosts his projects on GitHub, and has a channel on Youtube. He has presented at OSCON 2014, Scala Days (2012, 2013, 2014, 2015), and the Bay Area Scala Enthusiast group showing his Scala projects. Besides programming, he likes Math and Science. He has interned at Coursera working with technologies such as Play! Framework and Scala.js. In addition, he is also an active member of his school community and has been Student Body President. Shadaj loves spreading his love of technology and started TechTalks—a program that brings guest speakers to share their knowledge and enthusiasm with students at his school. When not doing his school work or programming, he plays the sitar, and games, some of which he created.","userWebsite":"http://shadaj.me","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2511],"slug":"shadaj-laddad-11098","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2511,"title":"Zero to Fractals in 75 Minutes","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Scala is a modern programming language used by companies such as Twitter, LinkedIn, and Coursera that lets you do everything from developing websites, creating games, making apps, and more! It also happens to be a great language to get started with programming. In this workshop, we'll start with simple exercises leading up to drawing fractal based graphics, ending with hints on doing even more with Scala. This workshop is targeted for 4th graders and up, so bring in your laptop and a lot of enthusiasm!","descriptionShort":"Learn to program in Scala","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":50,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3972,"sessionId":2511,"attendeeId":11098,"attendees":{"id":11098,"userFirstName":"Shadaj","userLastName":"Laddad","twitterHandle":"ShadajL","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Student","company":"N/A","userBioShort":"Shadaj loves to program. He has presented at OSCON 2014 and Scala Days.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4603"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11106,"userLastName":"Caisse","userFirstName":"Michael","company":"Ciere Consulting","principleJob":"Principal","twitterHandle":"michaelcaisse","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mjcaisse","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Michael Caisse has been crafting code in C++ for nearly 25-years. \nHe is a regular speaker at C++Now! where his talks have been awarded Best Workshop and Most Useful Session.\nMichael is the owner of Ciere Consulting which provides software consulting and contracting services, C++ training, and Project Recovery for failing multidisciplinary engineering projects : ciere.com","userWebsite":"ciere.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3635],"slug":"michael-caisse-11106","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3635,"title":"Solving Problems with Fusion","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Fusing compile-time MPL and run-time tuples, Boost.Fusion is the STL of the meta-programming world. It provides the machinery behind several Boost libraries and has become a common element in my own source.\n\nIn this session we will explore the Boost.Fusion library and some real-world use-cases. Specifically, we will be looking at examples where Fusion was employed to simplify library interfaces, provide declarative user experiences, and create efficient and non-intrusive type handling.\n\nAttendees will walk away with a working understanding of Boost.Fusion and several practical usage patterns. Come and learn how to integrate into your own source the library that labors behind the scene in Boost.Spirit, Boost.Xpressive, Boost.Geometry, Boost.Accumulators, odeint, Boost.Proto, Boost.Phoenix, and Boost.MSM.","descriptionShort":"C++11 has standardized tuples in the language; however, they leave much to be desired. Working with heterogeneous containers in a generic fashion can require above average template meta-programming skills. See what Fusion can do for you! ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3933,"sessionId":3635,"attendeeId":11106,"attendees":{"id":11106,"userFirstName":"Michael","userLastName":"Caisse","twitterHandle":"michaelcaisse","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mjcaisse","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal","company":"Ciere Consulting","userBioShort":"Michael Caisse has been crafting code in C++ for nearly 25-years. He enjoys teaching, mentoring, meta-programming, an elegant architecture and design, helping teams succeed, and a good technical discussion about all things C++.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11212,"userLastName":"Long","userFirstName":"Josh","company":"Pivotal","principleJob":"Spring Developer Advocate","twitterHandle":"starbuxman","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Josh Long is the Spring Developer Advocate. Josh is the lead author on Apress’ Spring Recipes, 2nd Edition, the O'Reilly \"Pro Spring Roo\" book, the Pearson \"Livelessons for Spring\" and a committer on several Spring projects and the Activiti BPMN framework. When he’s not hacking on code, he can be found at the local Java User Group or at the local coffee shop. Josh likes solutions that push the boundaries of the technologies that enable them. Josh's interests include big-data, mobile, REST, NoSQL and integration. He blogs on the Spring blog and [on his personal blog](http://joshlong.com).\n","userWebsite":"www.joshlong.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3665],"slug":"josh-long-11212","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3665,"title":"Building 'Bootiful' Applications with Spring Boot","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Alright, so maybe \"bootiful\" won't ever work, but I tried,\nand it was worth it too because you're reading this. Spring Boot, the\nnew convention-over-configuration centric framework from the Spring\nteam at Pivotal, marries Spring's flexibility with conventional,\ncommon sense defaults to make application development not just fly,\nbut pleasant! Join Spring developer advocate Josh Long for a look at\nwhat Spring Boot is, why it's turning heads, why you should consider\nit for your next application (REST, web, batch, big-data, integration,\nwhatever!) and how to get started.\n","descriptionShort":"Spring Boot  marries Spring's flexibility with conventional,\ncommon sense defaults to make application development not just fly,\nbut pleasant! Join Spring developer advocate Josh Long for a look at\nwhat Spring Boot is and how to get started. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3984,"sessionId":3665,"attendeeId":11212,"attendees":{"id":11212,"userFirstName":"Josh","userLastName":"Long","twitterHandle":"starbuxman","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Spring Developer Advocate","company":"Pivotal","userBioShort":"Josh Long is the Spring Developer Advocate. Josh is the lead author on Apress’ Spring Recipes, 2nd Edition, the O'Reilly \"Pro Spring Roo\" book, the Pearson \"Livelessons for Spring\" and a committer on several Spring projects and the Activiti BPMN framework. He blogs on the Spring blog and [on his personal blog](http://joshlong.com).\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11306,"userLastName":"Hobson","userFirstName":"Tim","company":"Intuit","principleJob":"Engineer","twitterHandle":"@hoserdude","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Tim is a developer at Intuit, building software to help simplify the lives of the self-employed. He has a sordid history of being both a power-user and developer of frameworks over the course of his career, and most recently has taken a liking to Spring Boot. ","userWebsite":"developer.intuit.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1481],"slug":"tim-hobson-11306","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1481,"title":"Java on Rails - Using Spring Boot For Rapid Application Development","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Spring Boot provides a rapid development framework leveraging a host of Spring and third party components.  It favors convention over configuration and gets many of the basics up and running with virtually no code OR configuration required.  However, to get beyond hello world takes some doing, even if it is easier than ever.  This code walkthrough will go over basics such as Security (Log in), User provisioning (Sign Up), JSON APIs, error handling, application events, HTML5 SPA bootstrapping, instrumentation, service and repository layers, Apache HTTP and Tomcat configuration as well as Cloud deployment processing and packaging.","descriptionShort":"Spring Boot provides a rapid development framework leveraging a host of Spring and third party components.  It favors convention over configuration and gets many of the basics up and running with virtually no code OR configuration required.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":25,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1760,"sessionId":1481,"attendeeId":11306,"attendees":{"id":11306,"userFirstName":"Tim","userLastName":"Hobson","twitterHandle":"@hoserdude","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Engineer","company":"Intuit","userBioShort":"Tim is a developer at Intuit, building software to help simplify the lives of the self-employed.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4223"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11334,"userLastName":"Rhodes","userFirstName":"Christopher","company":"Sencha, Inc.","principleJob":"Sr. Technical Trainer","twitterHandle":"clrho","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"clrho","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Christopher is a Sr. Techincal Trainer at Sencha with a background in M.I.S. Prior to working at Sencha, he consulted and lead teams on projects for Southern Company, BBVA Compass, Kraft Foods International, and Lorillard. He has also provided training on HTML, CSS, and Content Management Systems for K-12 teacher workshops. Today Christopher provides training for Sencha Touch 2, ExtJS 4.x and Sencha Architect. In the classroom his motto is, \"Laughter is the best lubricant for knowledge.\"","userWebsite":"http://christopherrhodes.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1483],"slug":"christopher-rhodes-11334","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1483,"title":"Secure REST with Sencha Ext JS & Node.js","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Sencha Ext JS provides an easy way for grabbing and sending data to RESTful resources. Node.js is the (not so) new kid on block making it easy to create secure RESTful service APIs connected to any (No)SQL database. This session will focus on using Sencha Architect to create a desktop Sencha Ext JS application using REST APIs securely on the client and server-side.","descriptionShort":"Learn to use Sencha Architect with Sencha Ext JS to consume RESTful resources and use Node.js to make resources available securely using REST. No prior experience with any of the technologies is expected.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":20,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1762,"sessionId":1483,"attendeeId":11334,"attendees":{"id":11334,"userFirstName":"Christopher","userLastName":"Rhodes","twitterHandle":"clrho","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"clrho","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Technical Trainer","company":"Sencha, Inc.","userBioShort":"Christopher is a Sr. Technical Trainer at Sencha. He has worked as a consultant for Fortune 500 companies in web technologies emphasizing best practices and finding the \"best\" tools for the job. Over the course of his career he has worn many hates, many titles and learned best by jumping from the frying pan into the fire. This has helped to make him crispy, well seasoned, and fun in the classroom.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4310"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11337,"userLastName":"Mundy","userFirstName":"Patrick","company":"RocketWeave LLC","principleJob":"Senior Partner","twitterHandle":"mundydrums","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mundypatrick","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Patrick is a co-Founder of RocketWeave LLC, a consulting partnership focused on leveraging contemporary technology to assist growing companies with scaling and compliance issues.  He is a seasoned information technology executive with 20+ years of industry experience in data processing, data warehousing and data analysis initiatives.  He has extensive experience with BI program and project management, especially in banking, investment and other financial arenas.\n","userWebsite":"www.bizrivet.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2572,2583,2584],"slug":"patrick-mundy-11337","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2572,"title":"Implementing Row-Level Security in Microsoft SQL Server","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$24","descriptionShort":"A survey of the principles of security labeling, with implementation of row- and column-level security, particularly within the Microsoft SQL Server framework, and a live demonstration of the architecture and principles at work.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":7,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2860,"sessionId":2572,"attendeeId":11337,"attendees":{"id":11337,"userFirstName":"Patrick","userLastName":"Mundy","twitterHandle":"mundydrums","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mundypatrick","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Partner","company":"RocketWeave LLC","userBioShort":"Patrick is a co-founder of RocketWeave LLC, a consulting partnership focused on leveraging contemporary technology to assist growing companies with scaling and compliance issues.  He is a seasoned information technology executive with 20+ years of industry experience in data processing, data warehousing and data analysis initiatives.  He has extensive experience with BI program and project management, especially in banking, investment and other financial arenas.\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4202"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2584,"title":"Creating a RESTFUL Web Service for Microsoft SQL Server","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session will offer a technical blueprint and step-by-step instructions for creating a RESTful web service connected to a Microsoft SQL Server back-end.  We’ll briefly review the criteria for a RESTful architecture, then demonstrate an actual solution with PHP-based web pages running on an IIS web server, along with the required components and configuration settings needed to make the whole thing work.","descriptionShort":"An overview of the components, configuration settings, and implementation steps required to create a PHP-based RESTful web service connected to Microsoft SQL Server on the back end.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2872,"sessionId":2584,"attendeeId":11337,"attendees":{"id":11337,"userFirstName":"Patrick","userLastName":"Mundy","twitterHandle":"mundydrums","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mundypatrick","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Partner","company":"RocketWeave LLC","userBioShort":"Patrick is a co-founder of RocketWeave LLC, a consulting partnership focused on leveraging contemporary technology to assist growing companies with scaling and compliance issues.  He is a seasoned information technology executive with 20+ years of industry experience in data processing, data warehousing and data analysis initiatives.  He has extensive experience with BI program and project management, especially in banking, investment and other financial arenas.\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2583,"title":"Scaling Up: Tame Key Business Processes and Grow Fast!","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$25","descriptionShort":"Dress for Success!  An overview of the key business processes involved as your company begins to take off including quote-to-cash pipeline, revenue recognition, revenue forecasting – and the steps you can take to keep such systems well integrated.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2871,"sessionId":2583,"attendeeId":11337,"attendees":{"id":11337,"userFirstName":"Patrick","userLastName":"Mundy","twitterHandle":"mundydrums","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"mundypatrick","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Partner","company":"RocketWeave LLC","userBioShort":"Patrick is a co-founder of RocketWeave LLC, a consulting partnership focused on leveraging contemporary technology to assist growing companies with scaling and compliance issues.  He is a seasoned information technology executive with 20+ years of industry experience in data processing, data warehousing and data analysis initiatives.  He has extensive experience with BI program and project management, especially in banking, investment and other financial arenas.\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11370,"userLastName":"Nixon","userFirstName":"Jerry","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"@jerrynixon","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jerrynixon","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Jerry is a Microsoft Developer and Evangelist in Colorado. He teaches and trains developers on best practices and techniques, making the most of the Universal Windows Platform. ","userWebsite":"jerrynixon.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1470,3622],"slug":"jerry-nixon-11370","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3622,"title":"Buidling a Universal App in an Hour","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Windows now spans form factors and platforms. With Universal Apps, a single code base can be written to span all Microsoft Platforms. Are you new to Microsoft. mobile development? Have you tried the Universal App project type yet? In this session we'll build a simple Universal App in an hour. You can see the basics and get the confidence you need to start or complete your own mobile app. ","descriptionShort":"Windows now spans form factors and platforms. With Universal Apps, a single code base can be written to span all Microsoft Platforms. In this session we'll build a simple Universal App in an hour. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3920,"sessionId":3622,"attendeeId":11370,"attendees":{"id":11370,"userFirstName":"Jerry","userLastName":"Nixon","twitterHandle":"@jerrynixon","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jerrynixon","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Jerry is a Product Manager for Data Analytics on Azure SQL DB.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1470,"title":"An Introduction to XAML Development","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"XAML is Microsoft’s premier, declarative user interface technology. It spans every device-type and every Windows platform. It’s capable of speaking directly to the underlying composition engine of the operating system, while remaining as simple to use as HTML. Come get a primer on XAML: the syntax, controls, and basic techniques. Walk away with the knowledge you need to start your project and build your next, awesome user experience.","descriptionShort":"XAML is Microsoft’s premier, declarative user interface technology. It spans every device-type and every Windows platform. Come get a primer on XAML: the syntax, controls, and basic techniques. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1749,"sessionId":1470,"attendeeId":11370,"attendees":{"id":11370,"userFirstName":"Jerry","userLastName":"Nixon","twitterHandle":"@jerrynixon","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jerrynixon","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Jerry is a Product Manager for Data Analytics on Azure SQL DB.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11401,"userLastName":"Wells","userFirstName":"Joe ","company":"Intuit","principleJob":"VP/Fellow","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Fascinated by the grand challenge of writing Small Business software that solves the necessary complexity of business management, while at the same time being simple and easy to use.","userWebsite":"www.intuit.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2530],"slug":"joe--wells-11401","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2530,"title":"Develop the right product faster: design thinking for engineers","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"<p>As software engineers, we are very abstract thinkers.&#160;&#160; We've learned how to collect a broad set of use-cases and design elegant code to solve those problems.&#160;&#160; This session will teach engineers how to apply the same abstract thinking towards solving customer problems through design, resulting in not only elegant code, but elegant products as well. </p>\n\n<p>Topics include:</p>\n\n<ul>\n  <li>How to identify important customer problems worth solving </li>\n  <li>Understanding insight vs observation </li>\n  <li>Abstract concept design </li>\n  <li>Working effectively with experience designers </li>\n</ul>","descriptionShort":"Learn how to become a Product Engineer by applying abstract design thinking to solving customer problems.   This session will introduce the important skills to move from solving problems in code to solving problems with code.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://goo.gl/aBjuDf?","lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2812,"sessionId":2530,"attendeeId":11401,"attendees":{"id":11401,"userFirstName":"Joe ","userLastName":"Wells","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"VP/Fellow","company":"Intuit","userBioShort":"Vice President and Engineering Fellow at Intuit, working on QuickBooks Online.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11541,"userLastName":"Gupta","userFirstName":"Aditya","company":"Devoxx4Kids","principleJob":"Student","twitterHandle":"aditya_g","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Aditya Gupta is an twelve-year old boy who loves to play and modify Minecraft. He also has experience in many other types of programming like Scratch, Java, Greenfoot, and Android. He is the youngest speaker ever at the Community Keynote of JavaOne 2013 showing how pigs fly in using Eclipse in front of 1500+ Java developers. He builds and delivers workshops for Devoxx4Kids and excited to teach programming skills to young kids like him. He is also a Boy Scout and like to tinker with LEGOs.","userWebsite":"twitter.com/aditya_g","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2529,2557],"slug":"aditya-gupta-11541","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:26:presenterSessions:2","$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:26:presenterSessions:3"]},{"id":11573,"userLastName":"Gupta","userFirstName":"Menka","company":"Intel","principleJob":"Application Developer","twitterHandle":"@menkag","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Menka Gupta is Technical Lead at Intel. She enjoys designing jewelry. She loves playing with her two boys who are growing up fast. As one of the founding members of Devoxx4Kids, she enjoys helping with teaching kids.","userWebsite":"http://menkag.blogspot.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2545,3673],"slug":"menka-gupta-11573","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2545,"title":"Fun with Scratch","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Scratch (scratch.mit.edu) makes it easy to create interactive stories, animations, games, music, and art, and share these creations on the web. You will create several fun and interesting Scratch programs. No programming experience or typing skill is required. ","descriptionShort":"This workshop will get the kids introduced to Scratch programming.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":45,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2828,"sessionId":2545,"attendeeId":11573,"attendees":{"id":11573,"userFirstName":"Menka","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"@menkag","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Application Developer","company":"Intel","userBioShort":"Engineer, Jewelry Designer, Mom, Devoxx4Kids, Wife of a globe trotter ...","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4501"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3673,"title":"Fun with Scratch - Part 2","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Scratch (scratch.mit.edu) makes it easy to create interactive stories, animations, games, music, and art, and share these creations on the web. You will create several fun and interesting Scratch programs. You must have previous experience of Scratch or attended Part 1 of the workshop","descriptionShort":"Fun with Scratch Part 2, learn how to build interactive games and have fun.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":45,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":4000,"sessionId":3673,"attendeeId":11573,"attendees":{"id":11573,"userFirstName":"Menka","userLastName":"Gupta","twitterHandle":"@menkag","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Application Developer","company":"Intel","userBioShort":"Engineer, Jewelry Designer, Mom, Devoxx4Kids, Wife of a globe trotter ...","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4501"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11589,"userLastName":"Ossou","userFirstName":"Michael","company":"DiscountASP.NET/Everleap.com","principleJob":"Developer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Michael Ossou is a second generation software developer who has spent the last 7 years working at DiscountASP.NET, one of the largest web hosting companies in the world that cater specifically to ASP.NET developers. In addition to working on the provisioning systems that make the DiscountASP.NET platform the most feature-rich in the industry, he has spent the last several years working on Everleap.com, a newly announced service that uses the latest cloud-based technologies Microsoft has to offer.","userWebsite":"Everleap.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2512],"slug":"michael-ossou-11589","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2512,"title":"Obama, JQuery, & ASP.NET SignalR. Getting Started with the Real-Time Web","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session is intended for the everyday developer who is interested in a more traditional implementation of the (non-game-related) Real-Time Web. While primarily an introduction to ASP.NET SignalR, we will also be discussing some fundamental HTML 5/JavaScript concepts relevant to our sample application.\n\nIf you are a typical web developer that spends most of your day working on business applications and would like to see what it would take to get started with the Real-Time Web and discuss where and when it’s applicable to your application, this session is for you. All skill levels are welcome – no gymnastics required.","descriptionShort":"This session is intended for the everyday developer who is interested in a more traditional implementation of the (non-game-related) of the Real Time Web with ASP.NET SignalR.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":4,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2792,"sessionId":2512,"attendeeId":11589,"attendees":{"id":11589,"userFirstName":"Michael","userLastName":"Ossou","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer","company":"DiscountASP.NET/Everleap.com","userBioShort":"Michael Ossou is a second generation software developer who has spent the last 7 years working at DiscountASP.NET & Everleap.com, one of the largest web hosting companies in the world that cater specifically to ASP.NET developers.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4203"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11711,"userLastName":"Raha","userFirstName":"Somik","company":"SmartOrg, Inc.","principleJob":"Product Manager","twitterHandle":"behappyrightnow","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Somik Raha works at the intersection of strategy, technology innovation and organizational transformation. Prior to SmartOrg, Somik worked as an agile software development coach and founded the open-source htmlparser project. He received his Ph.D. in Decision Analysis from Stanford University conducting research on values-based decision-making, helping organizations align decisions with their core values. He is an active volunteer with ServiceSpace and blogs for the Huffington Post.","userWebsite":"http://smartorg.com/about/our-team/somik-raha/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2567,2568],"slug":"somik-raha-11711","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2567,"title":"Design Strategies with AngularJS","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$26","descriptionShort":"AngularJS has changed the way we think about web-development. This session is for programmers interested in using AngularJS seriously and will focus on three patterns of usage: multi-page, single page, and legacy applications. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/smartorginc/design-strategies-for-angularjs","lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2854,"sessionId":2567,"attendeeId":11711,"attendees":{"id":11711,"userFirstName":"Somik","userLastName":"Raha","twitterHandle":"behappyrightnow","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Product Manager","company":"SmartOrg, Inc.","userBioShort":"Somik is Product Manager for SmartOrg's breakthrough product, Rangal. In a past life, he was an Agile coach with Industrial Logic.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":2858,"sessionId":2567,"attendeeId":18656,"attendees":{"id":18656,"userFirstName":"Kai","userLastName":"Wu","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software engineer","company":"Smartorg. Inc","userBioShort":"Active web developer, focusing on Angularjs, python. Amateur badminton player","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2568,"title":"Test-Driven Development with TypeScript+Jasmine+AngularJS","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Come with your laptops to learn and try out test-driven development for web applications using TypeScript, Jasmine and AngularJS. TypeScript provides a great way to bring the advantages of compiled languages over to the world of Javascript. We will demonstrate test-driven development by writing a simple application to unscramble Anagrams using TypeScript. Tests will be written before we write actual business logic. Then, we will wire it up with AngularJS to get some web pizzazz. We will also show how we can extend our unit testing to test AngularJS controllers. We will end with an icing of Bootstrap and you will return with a great setup for Agile Web Development.\n\nYou can attend this session as a viewer but you can also dive in and follow along. To do that, please clone this git repository before you come to our session (so you don't have to rely on Wi-fi): https://github.com/behappyrightnow/anagram","descriptionShort":"Come with your laptops to learn and try out test-driven development for web applications using TypeScript, Jasmine and AngularJS.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/behappyrightnow/anagram","lectureRoomsId":24,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2855,"sessionId":2568,"attendeeId":11711,"attendees":{"id":11711,"userFirstName":"Somik","userLastName":"Raha","twitterHandle":"behappyrightnow","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Product Manager","company":"SmartOrg, Inc.","userBioShort":"Somik is Product Manager for SmartOrg's breakthrough product, Rangal. In a past life, he was an Agile coach with Industrial Logic.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":2881,"sessionId":2568,"attendeeId":18656,"attendees":{"id":18656,"userFirstName":"Kai","userLastName":"Wu","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software engineer","company":"Smartorg. Inc","userBioShort":"Active web developer, focusing on Angularjs, python. Amateur badminton player","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"CampusCtrCaft"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":11757,"userLastName":"Phoenix","userFirstName":"Yorick","company":"ISSIO Solutions, Inc","principleJob":"CTO / Chief Architect","twitterHandle":"@scribblings","facebookId":"yphoenix","linkedInId":"yorick","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"$27","userWebsite":"http://about.me/yorickphoenix","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2553],"slug":"yorick-phoenix-11757","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2553,"title":"Maximize your Cache for no Cash","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"There are six levels of cache between your code and the users browser experience. You can take advantage of them all to provide a quicker, slicker, better user experience for the user and it won't cost you a dime to do it. You can use an OpCode Cache on the Server, a Content Development Network (for free), make use of the browser cache, setup an App Cache, use Session and Local Storage. They are all there, they are all free and this talk will go over all of them, the pros and the few downsides.","descriptionShort":"There are six levels of cache between your code and the users browser experience. You can take advantage of them all to provide a quicker, slicker, better user experience for the user and it won't cost you a dime to do it.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://slidesha.re/1vQDbOv","lectureRoomsId":21,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2837,"sessionId":2553,"attendeeId":11757,"attendees":{"id":11757,"userFirstName":"Yorick","userLastName":"Phoenix","twitterHandle":"@scribblings","facebookId":"yphoenix","linkedInId":"yorick","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CTO / Chief Architect","company":"ISSIO Solutions, Inc","userBioShort":"Chief Technical Officer, Architect and Developer at ISSIO Solutions","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4305"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":12015,"userLastName":"Maniyam","userFirstName":"Sujee","company":"Elephant Scale","principleJob":"Big Data practitioner / trainer / author","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sujeemaniyam","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Sujee has been developing software for 15 years. He is a hands-on expert on Hadoop, NoSQL and Cloud technologies.  He consults and teaches Big Data technologies.   Sujee has authored a few open source projects and  has contributed to Hadoop project.  He is an author of open source Hadoop book called ‘Hadoop illuminated’\n\nSujee is the founder  of ‘Big Data Gurus’ meetup in San Jose, CA.  He has presented at various meetups and conferences.\nhttp://www.linkedin.com/in/sujeemaniyam\nhttp://sujee.net \n","userWebsite":"http://elephantscale.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2526,2534],"slug":"sujee-maniyam-12015","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2534,"title":"Spark -- fast and easy processing of Big Data ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Apache Spark has been gaining a lot of momentum in the Big Data world.  Spark offers efficient processing of data by taking advantage of  in-memory data.  Spark is better suited for quick iterative algorithms in machine learning.\nThis talk will introduce Spark to audience.  We will compare and contrast it with Hadoop and show a quick demo.\n---\nhttps://github.com/sujee/","descriptionShort":"Introduction to Apache Spark framework , high level overview and demo","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/sujee/svcodecamp-2014","lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2816,"sessionId":2534,"attendeeId":12015,"attendees":{"id":12015,"userFirstName":"Sujee","userLastName":"Maniyam","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sujeemaniyam","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Big Data practitioner / trainer / author","company":"Elephant Scale","userBioShort":"Big Data expert / trainer / author.\nFounder / Principal @ http://elephantscale.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2526,"title":"Launching Your Career In Big Data","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Big data is all the rage these days.  We hear of companies handling data at unprecedented scale.  There is also a huge demand for engineers and data analysts who know Big Data technologies.\nIf you are a developer, thinking of switching to Big Data, how do you go about it?\n\nThis talk will offer some practical advice from the trenches on how to successfully launch your career in Big Data. We will discuss the best way to learn Big Data technologies, about certifications, and interview tips.\n\n--\nhttps://github.com/sujee/\n","descriptionShort":"Practical tips for developers thinking of switching to Big Data","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/sujee/svcodecamp-2014","lectureRoomsId":1,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2808,"sessionId":2526,"attendeeId":12015,"attendees":{"id":12015,"userFirstName":"Sujee","userLastName":"Maniyam","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sujeemaniyam","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Big Data practitioner / trainer / author","company":"Elephant Scale","userBioShort":"Big Data expert / trainer / author.\nFounder / Principal @ http://elephantscale.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4306"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":12415,"userLastName":"Hazlewood","userFirstName":"Les","company":"Stormpath","principleJob":"CTO and Co-Founder","twitterHandle":"@lhazlewood","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"lhazlewood","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"$28","userWebsite":"https://github.com/lhazlewood","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1468],"slug":"les-hazlewood-12415","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1468,"title":"Designing a Beautiful REST+JSON API","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$29","descriptionShort":"In this presentation, Les Hazlewood - Stormpath CTO and Apache Shiro PMC Chair - will share all of the golden nuggets learned while designing, implementing and supporting JSON-based REST APIs, using examples from a clean real-world REST+JSON API.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/stormpath/rest-jsonapis","lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1747,"sessionId":1468,"attendeeId":12415,"attendees":{"id":12415,"userFirstName":"Les","userLastName":"Hazlewood","twitterHandle":"@lhazlewood","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"lhazlewood","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CTO and Co-Founder","company":"Stormpath","userBioShort":"Les Hazlewood is Stormpath co-founder and CTO and the Apache Shiro PMC Chair. Prior to forming Stormpath, Les held senior architectural positions at Bloomberg and Delta Airlines and he was former CTO of a software engineering firm supporting educational and government agencies. Les has been actively involved in Open Source for more than 10 years, committing or contributing to projects like the Spring Framework, JBoss, and Apache Shiro. Les has a BS in Computer Science from Georgia Tech.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":12591,"userLastName":"Zarlez","userFirstName":"Tobiah","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Game Evangelist","twitterHandle":"TobiahZarlez","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"tobiah","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Hi, I’m Tobiah. I’m an independent game developer from the SF Bay Area.\n\nRight after college, I started a company called “Yobonja” with a couple of friends. We made dozens of games, and eventually had a hit with “Blast Monkeys”. We were the number one app on Android for 6+ months. I stopped tracking downloads in 2012 after we passed 12 million, and people still play it and its sequel today.\n\nIn 2013 I started working for Microsoft as a Game Evangelist. My job is to talk to developers, teach them what I know, and help them make better games and successful companies succeed.","userWebsite":"http://www.tobiahz.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1500,3619],"slug":"tobiah-zarlez-12591","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3619,"title":"Proximity API for Windows Phone","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Learn how to make your Windows Phone devices talk to each other! In this session we will use the Proximity API for Windows Phone to establish a connection with peer apps within wireless range using WiFi or Bluetooth. The user will connect either by browsing for nearby devices, or by tapping using NFC.","descriptionShort":"Learn how to make your Windows Phone devices talk to each other! In this session you we will use the Proximity API to establish a connection with peer apps within wireless range, either by browsing for nearby devices running your app, or using NFC.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://github.com/TobiahM/ProximityDemo/","lectureRoomsId":7,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3917,"sessionId":3619,"attendeeId":12591,"attendees":{"id":12591,"userFirstName":"Tobiah","userLastName":"Zarlez","twitterHandle":"TobiahZarlez","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"tobiah","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Game Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Tobiah Zarlez is an independent game developer and Game Evangelist at Microsoft.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4202"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":1500,"title":"Business of App Development","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"What do you need to know to make a successful mobile game company? It's the number one question asked to Tobiah Marks, most known for \"Blast Monkeys\" a physics based puzzle game that was the #1 app on Android. You already know you need to think about things like monetization, but did you know file size can be an even more important factor? Tobiah will explain his philosophy on how to out maneuver your competition using real world examples. His advice can be applied to app development on all platforms.","descriptionShort":"What makes some apps rise up the charts and others flop? Learn the tricks you need to know to out maneuver your competition.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1780,"sessionId":1500,"attendeeId":12591,"attendees":{"id":12591,"userFirstName":"Tobiah","userLastName":"Zarlez","twitterHandle":"TobiahZarlez","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"tobiah","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Game Evangelist","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Tobiah Zarlez is an independent game developer and Game Evangelist at Microsoft.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":13162,"userLastName":"Michela","userFirstName":"Ryan","company":"Salesforce","principleJob":"Principal Member of Technical Staff","twitterHandle":"@ryanmichela","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Ryan Michela is Principal Engineer at Salesforce, where he’s working to integrate the Salesforce ecosystem with microservices. His passions are distributed systems, helping other developers become better. When he’s not digging into the heart of software, Ryan enjoys hiking, exploring the world, and enjoying good beer.","userWebsite":"https://github.com/rmichela/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3656],"slug":"ryan-michela-13162","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3656,"title":"Kicking the Bukkit: Anatomy of an open source meltdown","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"On September 3rd, 2014, a disgruntled ex-developer erased from the internet the work of over 150 developers over four years. This is the story of the Bukkit Minecraft server project's untimely demise, and how you can prevent your project from suffering the same fate.\n\nThis session covers the rise and fall of Bukkit, the project's licensing mistakes and how they catalyzed the project's fall, and why you should not take your open source license lightly. ","descriptionShort":"On September 3rd, 2014, a disgruntled ex-developer erased from the internet the work of over 150 developers over four years. This is the story of the Bukkit Minecraft server project's demise, and how you protect your project from its fate.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://goo.gl/QUnzwN","lectureRoomsId":20,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3967,"sessionId":3656,"attendeeId":13162,"attendees":{"id":13162,"userFirstName":"Ryan","userLastName":"Michela","twitterHandle":"@ryanmichela","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Member of Technical Staff","company":"Salesforce","userBioShort":"Ryan is Principal Member of the Technical Staff at Salesforce.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4310"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":15072,"userLastName":"Balliauw","userFirstName":"Maarten","company":"JetBrains","principleJob":"Technical Evangelist","twitterHandle":"maartenballiauw","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Maarten Balliauw is a Technical Evangelist at JetBrains. His interests are in web technologies like ASP.NET (MVC, Web API), PHP and Windows Azure. He's a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) for Windows Azure and has published many articles in both PHP and .NET literature such as MSDN magazine Belgium and PHP architect. Maarten is a frequent speaker at various national and international events. His blog can be found at http://blog.maartenballiauw.be.","userWebsite":"http://blog.maartenballiauw.be","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1422],"slug":"maarten-balliauw-15072","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1422,"title":"Using NuGet the way you should","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"A nice and blunt title! Consuming NuGet packages, that’s what everyone does. Open source projects create NuGet packages and post them on NuGet.org. Meanwhile, all of us are still working with shared projects and fighting relative paths, versioning and so on. In this talk, we’ll use Visual Studio, NuGet and TeamCity to work with NuGet the way you should. Project references must die! Add Package Reference is everything you will ever need. ","descriptionShort":"In this talk, we’ll use Visual Studio, NuGet and TeamCity to work with NuGet the way you should. Project references must die! Add Package Reference is everything you will ever need. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/maartenba/using-nu-get-the-way-you-should-svcc","lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1701,"sessionId":1422,"attendeeId":15072,"attendees":{"id":15072,"userFirstName":"Maarten","userLastName":"Balliauw","twitterHandle":"maartenballiauw","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Technical Evangelist","company":"JetBrains","userBioShort":"Maarten Balliauw is a Technical Evangelist at JetBrains. His interests are in web technologies like ASP.NET (MVC, Web API), PHP and Windows Azure.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":15075,"userLastName":"Considine","userFirstName":"Breandan","company":".","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","twitterHandle":"breandan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"breandanconsidine","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"As a Java developer and technical evangelist, I am interested in human computer interaction, speech recognition and natural language processing, particularly in low-power applications such as mobile phones and wearable devices.","userWebsite":"http://breandan.net","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1425],"slug":"breandan-considine-15075","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1425,"title":"Offline Speech Recognition for Mobile Developers","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Automatic speech recognition has recently received enormous attention with the advent of cloud-based services such as Cortana, Siri, Majel and other virtual avatars. A recording comes from the device, is processed on a remote server, which sends some text back to the user. Round-trip latency: <200ms. Can we ever achieve better results with a microprocessor running FOSS or is speech truly a black box problem? State of the art ASR libraries are certainly slower and less accurate, suggesting all of the innovation will happen inside a datacenter or microchip, behind NDAs and closed doors. We will review the state of offline ASR technology and attempt to deconstruct that notion. No prior speech recognition experience is required.","descriptionShort":"We will review the state of offline speech recognition and discuss how to write your own SR app. No prior experience required.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1704,"sessionId":1425,"attendeeId":15075,"attendees":{"id":15075,"userFirstName":"Breandan","userLastName":"Considine","twitterHandle":"breandan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"breandanconsidine","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Advocate","company":".","userBioShort":"I am a software engineer and developer advocate interested in machine learning & speech recognition.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":15080,"userLastName":"Eberhard","userFirstName":"Elena","company":"Academy Of Art University","principleJob":"Public Relations and Special Events Manager","twitterHandle":"elena_philipova","facebookId":"elena.philipova.7","linkedInId":"elena-eberhard-2930444?trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile_pic","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"is a Public Relations Manager in Academy of Art University School of Fashion, with more than 15 years of experience in connecting fashion professionals and promoting creative designers.  She started her career as Public Relations Director for Parfionova, a leading fashion house in Russia, producing runway shows and developing industry partnerships. After graduate studies in Management of Cultural Projects at Sorbonne University, Paris, Elena joined the international B2B fashion guide Modem and Modemonline.com. As an Editor of Modem Europe, she developed relationships with organizers of fashion weeks and industry trade shows in France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Turkey, Georgia, Scandinavia, Russia and the USA.\nAfter relocating to the Bay Area from Paris in 2013, Elena managed the international relations and expansion into US market for Premium Berlin. She consulted with fashion startups on international business development, and was a featured speaker on Fashion Wearable Tech at Silicon Valley conferences.","userWebsite":"http://www.academyart.edu/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1433],"slug":"elena-eberhard-15080","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:8:presenterSessions:0"]},{"id":15105,"userLastName":"Jones","userFirstName":"Steve","company":"Red Gate Software","principleJob":"Editor","twitterHandle":"way0utwest","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"way0utwest","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Steve has been working with SQL Server since 1991 and been a DBA in a variety of large and small companies and industries. In 2001 Steve founded SQLServerCentral with two partners and has been publishing technical articles and facilitating discussions among SQL Server professionals ever since. He currently is the full time editor of SQLServerCentral, owned by Red Gate Software.","userWebsite":"http://www.voiceofthedba.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1458],"slug":"steve-jones-15105","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1458,"title":"Continuous Integration for Databases","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Continuous Intergration (CI) is a well known process in the software development world, but it’s not often implemented with databases. This is despite the fact that database code could benefit from the practice of checking the changes on a regular basis for potential issues. This talk will show how to implement continuous integration for databases and include more realistic testing of the code for potential issues.","descriptionShort":"Continuous Intergration (CI) is a well known process in the software development world, but it’s not often implemented with databases. This talk will show how to implement continuous integration for databases.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://voiceofthedba.wordpress.com/2013/09/27/automated-build-and-test/","lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1736,"sessionId":1458,"attendeeId":15105,"attendees":{"id":15105,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Jones","twitterHandle":"way0utwest","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"way0utwest","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Editor","company":"Red Gate Software","userBioShort":"Steve has been working with SQL Server since 1991 and been a DBA in a variety of large and small companies and industries. In 2001 Steve founded SQLServerCentral among SQL Server professionals ever since. He currently is the full time editor of SQLServerCentral, owned by Red Gate Software.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16174,"userLastName":"Mummert","userFirstName":"John","company":"Foothill College","principleJob":"Vice President of Workforce Development","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":true,"userBio":"$2a","userWebsite":"http://www.foothill.edu/president/leadership.php","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3668],"slug":"john-mummert-16174","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3668,"title":"Foothill College Does Everything, Learn More","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"<p>How do community colleges like Foothill College fit into the California education and workforce landscape?&#160; How does Foothill transfer 19 students to MIT in the past 6 years AND consistently have Dental Hygiene students with a 100% pass rate for the National Board?&#160; Come to this session and join this presentation and open discussion lead by John Mummert, VP of Workforce Development and Institutional Advancement at Foothill.&#160; Topics will include:<u></u><u></u></p>\n\n<ul>\n  <li>What Opportunities Are Available to become a Foothill College Student<u></u><u></u></li>\n\n  <li>What Opportunities Are Available to Teach at Foothill College<u></u><u></u></li>\n\n  <li>What Opportunities Are Available for Your Company to Work with Foothill Including Internships<u></u><u></u></li>\n\n  <li>How Does Foothill College Fit into the California Education System<u></u><u></u></li>\n\n  <li>Learn Why Foothill Sends so Many Students for Advanced Degrees to Colleges like Stanford, MIT and Others</li>\n</ul>","descriptionShort":"<p>How do community colleges like Foothill College fit into the California education and workforce landscape?&#160; How does Foothill transfer 19 students to MIT in the past 6 years AND consistently have Dental Hygiene students with a 100% pass rate for the National Board?&#160; Come to this session and join this presentation and open discussion lead by John Mummert, VP of Workforce Development and Institutional Advancement at Foothill.&#160; Topics will include:<u></u><u></u></p>","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":21,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3988,"sessionId":3668,"attendeeId":16174,"attendees":{"id":16174,"userFirstName":"John","userLastName":"Mummert","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Vice President of Workforce Development","company":"Foothill College","userBioShort":"Foothill College Vice President of Workforce Development & Institutional Advancement ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4305"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16189,"userLastName":"Fryer","userFirstName":"Paul","company":"Fiserv","principleJob":"Software Architect","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"paul-fryer","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Paul Fryer is a software architect at a leading financial technology company, Fiserv. There he leads architecture for high scale, distributed systems. His focus is on Fraud and Security, Mobile and Online banking. He also built bitdango.com and automagical.ly – both cloud based data aggregation services. He previously worked for large companies like Intel in software development roles as well as small startups. With over 15 years of hands on experience he has seen (and built) plenty of good and not so good software design, contributing to his time tested tool bag of patterns.","userWebsite":"http://fryerblog.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2519],"slug":"paul-fryer-16189","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2519,"title":".Net Distributed Caching","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"As part of a platform modernization strategy within Fiserv we have been moving to architectures that use distributed cache for state to keep our web and worker machines stateless. This is an important enabler for systems that use auto scaling patterns. We have built an abstraction interface on top of several cache providers we evaluated. This gives us a common model for analyzing performance data, like TPS. We open sourced some of this work into a library called CacheSharp (on Github and NuGet). In this session we’ll show you how we run tests against several providers, establish a baseline of data, and compare the results. This is something you should be able to take back to your dev shop and get started with in an afternoon.","descriptionShort":"Distributed caching is an important enabler for stateless architectures that leverage modern patterns like auto scaling. In this session we’ll look at several .Net cache providers and share some practical ways to get started with them now.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://fryerblog.com/post/99933007601/net-distributed-caching","lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2801,"sessionId":2519,"attendeeId":16189,"attendees":{"id":16189,"userFirstName":"Paul","userLastName":"Fryer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"paul-fryer","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Architect","company":"Fiserv","userBioShort":"Paul Fryer is a software architect at a leading financial technology company, Fiserv. There he leads architecture for high scale, distributed systems. His focus is on Fraud and Security, Mobile and Online banking. He also built bitdango.com and automagical.ly – both cloud based data aggregation services. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16209,"userLastName":"Edouard","userFirstName":"Steven","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"sedouard","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sedouard","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Steven received his undergraduate in Computer Engineering from the University of Florida. Before joining Microsoft he worked in the defense industry on subsea mine hunting and acoustic systems. He first joined Microsoft in Redmond, WA as a Software Test Engineer for .NET, a fundamental technology used by millions. He now works as a Developer Evangelist in the Bay area. Outside of tech, he likes to sail, ski, hike and hit the beach’","userWebsite":"stevenedouard.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[1498,2585],"slug":"steven-edouard-16209","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":1498,"title":"WinJS for Web Devs","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"It’s not commonly known that WinJS was born out of the browser, and then went to Windows 8. Since then WinJS has been released for Windows 8.1, Xbox One and Windows Phone 8.1. Earlier this year WinJS has been open sourced with the mission of running on any browser of your choice. In this talk, we’ll go over how WinJS provides developers with a distinctive set of high performance, polished UI controls and the cohesive set of components and infrastructure it provides for your HTML5 web apps.","descriptionShort":"In this talk, we’ll go over how WinJS provides developers with a distinctive set of  cross browser, high performance, polished UI controls and the cohesive set of components and infrastructure it provides for your HTML5 web apps.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/sedouard/winjs-svcc","lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":1777,"sessionId":1498,"attendeeId":16209,"attendees":{"id":16209,"userFirstName":"Steven","userLastName":"Edouard","twitterHandle":"sedouard","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"sedouard","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Steven received his undergraduate in Computer Engineering from the University of Florida. Before joining Microsoft he worked in the defense industry on subsea mine hunting and acoustic systems. He first joined Microsoft in Redmond, WA as a Software Test Engineer for .NET, a fundamental technology used by millions. He now works as a Developer Evangelist in the Bay area. Outside of tech, he likes to sail, ski, hike and hit the beach’","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},"$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:13:presenterSessions:0"]},{"id":16239,"userLastName":"Pettersen","userFirstName":"Tim","company":"Atlassian","principleJob":"Developer Provacateur","twitterHandle":"@kannonboy","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/pub/tim-pettersen/4/397/583","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"$2b","userWebsite":"www.atlassian.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2506],"slug":"tim-pettersen-16239","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:35:presenterSessions:0"]},{"id":16243,"userLastName":"Dhar","userFirstName":"Mithun","company":"Concur","principleJob":"Director, Evangelism & Strategic Marketing","twitterHandle":"@mithund","facebookId":"www.facebook.com/mithund","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/mithund","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"As Director of Developer Evangelism, Platform Services for Concur, Mithun Dhar‘s team is focused on Evangelizing the Concur Platform to the developer community.  His role includes all elements of showcasing the Concur opportunity to developers across a wide spectrum of startups, enterprise organizations and academics.   In addition, his team is chartered with the creation of a Concur developer community focused on the development of quality apps on the Concur platform. Prior to joining Concur, Mithun spent many years in the Marketing and Evangelism world with Microsoft as a developer evangelist and product manager. He also had a brief stint in Microsoft Research, working on Speech Technologies and Natural User Interfaces. In his early career he worked at Oracle and a few other Startup companies.   Mithun is a well regarded speaker and developer community catalyst.","userWebsite":"www.linkedin.com/in/mithund","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3641],"slug":"mithun-dhar-16243","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3641,"title":"Tap into the $1.12 Trillion dollar Business Travel industry","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Business Travel is the most lucrative segment in the travel industry. It's a $1.12 trillion dollar industry with a massive opportunity for Developers to tap into. In this session you will get a high level overview of the business travel industry and learn more about the Concur Platform that allows you to tap into this space. Concur is the leader in business Travel & Expense software. More than 70% of the Fortune 1000 are Concur's customers with over 25 million end users using its products on a day to day basis. You can learn more here: http://developer.concur.com ","descriptionShort":"Business Travel is a $1.12 trillion dollar industry with a big  opportunity for Developers to tap into. In this session you will get a high level overview of the Concur Platform that allows you to tap into this opportunity. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":25,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3939,"sessionId":3641,"attendeeId":16243,"attendees":{"id":16243,"userFirstName":"Mithun","userLastName":"Dhar","twitterHandle":"@mithund","facebookId":"www.facebook.com/mithund","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/mithund","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Director, Evangelism & Strategic Marketing","company":"Concur","userBioShort":"Mithun Dhar is a seasoned technologist and marketer with more than 15 years industry experience. He currently heads the Evangelism and Platform marketing efforts at Concur technologies. Mithun is a well regarded speaker and developer community catalyst.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4223"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16252,"userLastName":"Breen","userFirstName":"Nick","company":"Practice Fusion","principleJob":"Systems Analyst","twitterHandle":"@mrnickbreen","facebookId":"nickybreen","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Fun loving computer guy. I started my programming career 4 years ago. I’ve worked with startups, cofounded two businesses (and sold one), and worked in healthcare, ads, and with the environment branch of the Canadian government.\n\nCurrently I'm working with Practice Fusion to digitize healthcare records and provide patients and doctors with better data to improve health.","userWebsite":"http://nickbreen.ca/references.html","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2508],"slug":"nick-breen-16252","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2508,"title":"Improving your Frontend with Ember (MVC JS Framework)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Front end development has really progressed in the last two years. You've probably seen the shifting landscape of JavaScript frameworks, Backbone, Angular, Ember, etc. I'll be giving you an in-depth look at Ember. I'll briefly cover the advantages and disadvantages of Ember (comparative look, not a flame war) and then we'll dive into some awesome code (hello world, explain file structure, explaining resources to help you after my presentation, etc).\n\nFront ends can do marvelous things now a days, from caching, fully featured Data Access Layers, and data binding (single source of truth on the model, and templates/views that automagically stay up to date). Let's have some fun, I hope you join me on this guided adventure through EmberJS!","descriptionShort":"Let's have some fun, I hope you join me on this guided adventure through EmberJS!","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://emberjs.com/","lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2788,"sessionId":2508,"attendeeId":16252,"attendees":{"id":16252,"userFirstName":"Nick","userLastName":"Breen","twitterHandle":"@mrnickbreen","facebookId":"nickybreen","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Systems Analyst","company":"Practice Fusion","userBioShort":"Fun loving computer guy. Currently I'm working with Practice Fusion to digitize healthcare records and provide patients and doctors with better data to improve health.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16283,"userLastName":"Brewer","userFirstName":"Jeff","company":"Intuit, Inc.","principleJob":"Principal Engineer","twitterHandle":"@purplemagma","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"$2c","userWebsite":"www.brewer.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2509],"slug":"jeff-brewer-16283","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2509,"title":"Plugins for the Web - A Way to Allow Others to Improve Your Application","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session will cover how QuickBooks Online (QBO) solves the problem of allowing internal and external development teams to enhance the experience for the user. I will demonstrate how to build a plugin for QBO and explain the architecture which enables this ecosystem. This architecture could be applied to any web application.","descriptionShort":"This session will cover how QuickBooks Online (QBO) solves the problem of allowing internal and external development teams to enhance its experience","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/purplemagma/starter-plugin","lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2789,"sessionId":2509,"attendeeId":16283,"attendees":{"id":16283,"userFirstName":"Jeff","userLastName":"Brewer","twitterHandle":"@purplemagma","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Engineer","company":"Intuit, Inc.","userBioShort":"After graduation from Harvey Mudd College in 1991, Jeff started his career at Intuit, the makers of Quickbooks and Turbo Tax. After playing a principal engineering and architecture role in several startups since, his last startup, PayCycle was acquired by Intuit. Jeff is always responsible form solving the most difficult engineering problems. Currently, he is developing a plugin system for QuickBooks.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16333,"userLastName":"Gajulapalli","userFirstName":"Venkat","company":"Intuit","principleJob":"Sr. Quality Engineering Manager","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Hello SV Code Campers,\n  I am Venkat Gajulapalli. I work for Intuit as a Quality Engineering manager.\nI am passionate about Quality Engineering. Specially around Continuous Integration, Tools and Automation.\n\nOutside work and family, I am into Tennis and Toastmasters.\nI served in leadership roles at Toastmasters international.\n\nLooking forward to be at SVCC this year.\n\n","userWebsite":"http://www.linkedin.com/in/venkatgv/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2516],"slug":"venkat-gajulapalli-16333","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2516,"title":"Quality Dashboard - One stop shop to determine product quality","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"To asses the quality of your product or a release, you need to look at various metrics. </br> </br>\n- Total Defects in the system; creation vs closing rate </br>\n- Code Coverage Statistics </br>\n- Test case pass rate </br>\n- State of the CI (Continuous Integration) build </br>\n- Nightly deployment build status <br> </br>\n\nThese metrics are in different sources. </br>\nDefect data from Jira (or similar defect management system).</br>\nBuild data from Jenkins (or similar CI system).</br> </br>\n\nThink about having all the above metrics at one place; </br>\nAutomatically generate your release reports and determine the health of your current release.</br>\nBuild the intelligence to report the status based on various rules.</br>\n(For eg..if the Code Coverage is < 85%, show the status as RED).</br>\n\n","descriptionShort":"Think about having all the quality metrics at one place; \nAutomatically generate your release reports and determine the health of your current release.\nBuild the intelligence to report the status based on various rules.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":4,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2796,"sessionId":2516,"attendeeId":16333,"attendees":{"id":16333,"userFirstName":"Venkat","userLastName":"Gajulapalli","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Quality Engineering Manager","company":"Intuit","userBioShort":"Passionate Quality Engineer with expert knowledge around Tools, Automation and Continuous Integration","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4203"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":16339,"userLastName":"Wood","userFirstName":"Mike","company":"Red Gate","principleJob":"Technical Evangelist","twitterHandle":"@mikewo","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Mike Wood is a Technical Evangelist for Red Gate Software on the Cerebrata Team. He describes himself as a problem solving, outdoorsy, user group founding, dog-loving, blog writing, solution creating, event planning, married, technology speaking, father of one kind of guy. When he's not living up to that title he's an avid reader, (horrible) violinist and gamer. Michael is one of the Founding Directors of the Cincinnati .NET User Group as well as the founder of the Cincinnati Software Architecture Special Interest Group.  He is also a Microsoft MVP in Windows Azure. You can catch up with Mike on his blog at http://mvwood.com/blog and on twitter under the handle @mikewo.","userWebsite":"http://mvwood.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2517],"slug":"mike-wood-16339","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2517,"title":"Being Efficient with Azure Automation","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Individual humans do not scale very well.  Let's face it, we can barely multitask.  So with Cloud Computing how do we keep up with the growing demand for maintenance tasks for these \"infinitely scalable\" assets?  The answer is automation.  \n\nAzure Automation is a highly available automation service which helps you \"Automate all the things\".  Anything from deployments, to monitoring to maintenance tasks can be set up using this reliable workflow execution engine.  This presentation covers the fundamentals of the Azure Automation service and provides some insights into how to leverage it with your own solutions.\n","descriptionShort":"This presentation covers the fundamentals of the Azure Automation service and provides some insights into how to leverage it with your own solutions.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":7,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2797,"sessionId":2517,"attendeeId":16339,"attendees":{"id":16339,"userFirstName":"Mike","userLastName":"Wood","twitterHandle":"@mikewo","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Technical Evangelist","company":"Red Gate","userBioShort":"Mike Wood is a Technical Evangelist for Red Gate Software on the Cerebrata Team. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4202"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17347,"userLastName":"Molnar","userFirstName":"Nik","company":"Red Gate","principleJob":"Co-Founder, Glimpse","twitterHandle":"nikmd23","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Nik Molnar is a New Yorker, Microsoft MVP, ASP & Azure Insider and co-founder of Glimpse, an open source diagnostics and debugging tool. Originally from Homestead Florida, Nik specializes in web development, web performance, web API's and community management. In his spare time, Nik can be found cooking up a storm in the kitchen, hanging with his wife, speaking at conferences, and working on other open source projects.","userWebsite":"http://nikcodes.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2518],"slug":"nik-molnar-17347","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2518,"title":"Full Stack Web Performance","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Modern users expect more than ever from web applications. Unfortunately, they are also consuming applications more frequently from low bandwidth and low power devices – which strains developers not only to nail the user experience, but also the application’s performance.\n\nJoin Nik Molnar, co-founder of the open source debugging and diagnostics tool Glimpse, for an example-driven look at strategies and techniques for improving the performance of your web application all the way from the browser to the server.\n\nWe’ll cover how to use client and server side profiling tools to pinpoint opportunities for improvement, solutions to the most common performance problems, and some suggestions for getting ahead of the curve and actually surpassing user’s expectations.\n\nThis session covers a wide array of topics, most of which would be classified within the 200 level.","descriptionShort":"This session covers how to use client and server side profiling tools to pinpoint opportunities for improvement in web applications and solutions to the most common performance problems.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2799,"sessionId":2518,"attendeeId":17347,"attendees":{"id":17347,"userFirstName":"Nik","userLastName":"Molnar","twitterHandle":"nikmd23","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Co-Founder, Glimpse","company":"Red Gate","userBioShort":"Web Dev Nerd, Microsoft MVP, ASP Insider, chef and co-founder of http://getglimpse.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17360,"userLastName":"Yeager","userFirstName":"Mike","company":"CODE ","principleJob":"CEO","twitterHandle":"MikeYeager","facebookId":"Mike.Yeager2","linkedInId":"MikeEYeager","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"$2d","userWebsite":"www.codemag.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2520],"slug":"mike-yeager-17360","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2520,"title":"CODE Framework WPF MVC/MVVM Projects","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This talk shows how to use the WPF MVVM/MVC framework subset of the\nCODE Framework to build a modern and professional interface in a\nhighly productive way. Emphasis is put on building reusable and\nmaintainable interfaces in a structured way that can be taught to all\ndeveloper skill levels without sacrificing implementation and\narchitecture quality. \n\n","descriptionShort":"How to use the WPF MVVM/MVC framework subset of the CODE Framework to build a highly productive interface.  Emphasis is building reusable, maintainable interfaces for all skill levels without sacrificing implementation & architecture quality. \n","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://www.dropbox.com/sh/l6568tvfstblfmi/AADryRfRqX2Z0ARDxoeKzq5Wa?dl=0","lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2802,"sessionId":2520,"attendeeId":17360,"attendees":{"id":17360,"userFirstName":"Mike","userLastName":"Yeager","twitterHandle":"MikeYeager","facebookId":"Mike.Yeager2","linkedInId":"MikeEYeager","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"CODE ","userBioShort":"Mike is the CEO of EPS Software Corp and a skilled .NET developer. Mike excels at evaluating business requirements and turning them into results from development teams. He's been Project Lead on many projects at EPS & promotes the use of modern best practices such as the Agile development paradigm, use of design patterns and test-drive and test-first development.   Implementation experience includes: .NET, SQL Server, Windows Azure, Microsoft Surface and Visual FoxPro.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17364,"userLastName":"Riley","userFirstName":"Ryan","company":"Tachyus Corp","principleJob":"Engineer","twitterHandle":"panesofglass","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ryanriley","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Ryan Riley is a Visual F# MVP and Engineer for Tachyus, a start-up using F# to profoundly revolutionize the oil & gas industry. He runs the Community for F# virtual user group and serves on the management committee for the Open Web Interface for .NET (OWIN) specification.","userWebsite":"https://github.com/panesofglass","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2590,3648],"slug":"ryan-riley-17364","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2590,"title":"F# on the Web","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Most people think of F# as good at math or complex problem solving. It is actually a fantastic for a very wide array of tasks, including web programming, which helped the start-up Tachyus go from 0 to production in 12 weeks. In this talk, we'll compare and contrast a web application written in familiar C# patterns with various features provided by F#, including function composition, computation expressions (async), type providers, and active patterns. We'll also cover differences in application design patterns. ","descriptionShort":"Most people think of F# as good at math or complex problem solving. It is actually a fantastic for a very wide array of tasks, including web programming, which helped the start-up Tachyus go from 0 to production in 12 weeks.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://panesofglass.github.io/TodoBackendFSharp","lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2879,"sessionId":2590,"attendeeId":17364,"attendees":{"id":17364,"userFirstName":"Ryan","userLastName":"Riley","twitterHandle":"panesofglass","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ryanriley","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Engineer","company":"Tachyus Corp","userBioShort":"Husband, father, F# MVP, Engineer @TachyusCorp out of Houston, TX, and OWIN Instigator.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},"$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":17385,"userLastName":"van der Hoorn","userFirstName":"Anthony","company":"Glimpse / Red Gate","principleJob":"Co-founder / Developer Advocate","twitterHandle":"anthony_vdh","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Anthony van der Hoorn is a co–founder of Glimpse, and a regular speaker on such topics as Open Source, Web Practices and Diagnostics for the Web. Anthony specialises in web and front end development with technologies such as JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. He’s bounced between living and working New York City and his home town of Brisbane, Australia – he’s back in the USA at the moment. Anthony previously worked in the Financial Services sector developing high frequency trading systems and, in his spare time, he can be found out and about taking photos, speaking at conferences, and working on other Open Source projects.","userWebsite":"http://blog.anthonyvanderhoorn.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2521],"slug":"anthony-van-der-hoorn-17385","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2521,"title":"Modern Web Diagnostics with a Glimpse into ASP.NET","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"With the state of diagnostics on the web being what it is, we currently have to do a job that is much harder than it should be. Too often, the tools we are provided with only show a small part of the picture, leaving us to guess what else might be happening behind the scenes. Glimpse is an open source project that aims to change the way we think about diagnostics and the frameworks we interact with. \n\nAfter releasing Glimpse at Mix 11, Glimpse has become a tool that is used daily by tens of thousands of developers around the world. In this session, youíll learn how to use Glimpse to reveal a complete picture of what is happening within your ASP.NET MVC and WebForms sites, discover what tools are included out of the box, and see how you can easily extend it to suit your needs.","descriptionShort":"Getting started with Modern Web Diagnostics with a Glimpse into ASP.NET. Learn what Glimpse is, how and when to use it, and much more.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2803,"sessionId":2521,"attendeeId":17385,"attendees":{"id":17385,"userFirstName":"Anthony","userLastName":"van der Hoorn","twitterHandle":"anthony_vdh","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Co-founder / Developer Advocate","company":"Glimpse / Red Gate","userBioShort":"Anthony van der Hoorn is a co–founder of Glimpse, and a regular speaker on such topics as Open Source, Web Practices and Diagnostics for the Web.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17401,"userLastName":"Grabanski","userFirstName":"Marc","company":"Frontend Masters","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"1marc","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"1marc","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Marc’s background is in open source. He was the original creator of the jQuery UI Datepicker and is constantly teaching about front-end web development through events, articles and conferences. Marc is the creator of Frontend Masters (frontendmasters.com) expert web development training and is currently building large SVG-based web applications.","userWebsite":"http://frontendMasters.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2522],"slug":"marc-grabanski-17401","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2522,"title":"Whirlwind Tour of Scalable Vector Graphics","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this session, we’ll walk through the essential building blocks of SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). Then we’ll dive into transforms and matrices and how to manage the transform stack. We’ll also learn how to script against SVG with JavaScript libraries like Raphaël and D3 to make interactive web applications.\n\n- Introduction to SVG elements\n- Benefits of using SVG\n- The different ways to embed SVG\n- Scripting SVG\n- Using SVG links\n- SVG filters\n- Using CSS Animation with SVG\n- CSS Transforms and Transform Matrices\n- RaphaelJS – Primitives, Attributes, Events, Animation and Easing, Sets and Transforms\n- Other Cool SVG Stuff (Links and Demos)","descriptionShort":"In this session, we’ll walk through the essential building blocks of SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). We’ll learn how to script against SVG with JavaScript libraries like Raphaël and D3 to make interactive web applications.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/1Marc/svg-and-raphael-js","lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2804,"sessionId":2522,"attendeeId":17401,"attendees":{"id":17401,"userFirstName":"Marc","userLastName":"Grabanski","twitterHandle":"1marc","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"1marc","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Frontend Masters","userBioShort":"Marc’s background is in open source. He was the original creator of the jQuery UI Datepicker and is constantly teaching about front-end web development through events, articles and conferences. Marc is the creator of Frontend Masters (frontendmasters.com) expert web development training and is currently building large SVG-based web applications.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17414,"userLastName":"Egger","userFirstName":"Markus","company":"CODE","principleJob":"President / Owner","twitterHandle":"MarkusEgger","facebookId":"MarkusEggerEPS","linkedInId":"markusegger","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"$2e","userWebsite":"www.codemag.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2524],"slug":"markus-egger-17414","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2524,"title":"XAML Anti-Patterns","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Various incarnations of XAML, such as WPF, WinRT, and Windows Phone, represent a tremendously powerful, productive, and flexible UI development environment. However, with great power also comes great power to do things incorrectly, which leads to many projects based on XAML technologies that are in trouble in some way. In this session Markus will take a look at XAML Anti-Patterns – common solutions that end up being ineffective and counterproductive. Among the discussed patterns and techniques are things like bootstrappers, virtualization, resources, XAML itself, and much, much more. Many of the presented topics may surprise even advanced XAML developers.\n\n","descriptionShort":"In this session we look at XAML Anti-Patterns – solutions that end up counterproductive.  Among the patterns & techniques discussed are bootstrappers, virtualization, XAML itself, & more.  Topics may surprise even advanced XAML developers.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":21,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2806,"sessionId":2524,"attendeeId":17414,"attendees":{"id":17414,"userFirstName":"Markus","userLastName":"Egger","twitterHandle":"MarkusEgger","facebookId":"MarkusEggerEPS","linkedInId":"markusegger","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President / Owner","company":"CODE","userBioShort":"Markus is the President and Chief Software Architect of EPS Software Corp. (and it's various properties, such as CODE Consulting, CODE Training, and VFPConversion). He is also the Publisher of CODE Magazine. He is a Microsoft RD (Regional Director) and one of the longest-serving MVPs (1995-present). Markus is the founder of other business ventures, such as Tower48 (digital software escrow), Xiine (digital reading), JockTock (sports social network), and more.  ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4305"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17416,"userLastName":"Singh","userFirstName":"Jason","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"TSP","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jasonsinghcode","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Over 25 years of experience in the software industry. Worked in world class teams shipping software worldwide from Altera, Informix, Sybase and Microsoft. Worked with some of the best software developers in the world directly in Silicon Valley.\nSeven \"ship-it\" awards from Microsoft as a Software Developer. Microsoft Services Consultant MVP Awards.","userWebsite":"http://blogs.msdn.com/b/jasonsingh/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3618],"slug":"jason-singh-17416","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3618,"title":"Azure Development with the Visual Studio Tools","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Come and discover how the Visual Studio tools can help leapfrog your development efforts making you more efficient, effective and increase the quality bar of your code base. We'll focus on what VSO is and how this helps us get off the ground quickly, enabling virtual teams to collaborate, create and deliver. Whether you are a Stakeholder, Project Manager, Architect, Developer, Tester, Build Master or work in Operations, take advantage of these quick to learn tools and take your productivity and release times, to a more faster and predictable state.","descriptionShort":"Get an overview of using Azure and VSO, through the tooling features of Visual Studio.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3916,"sessionId":3618,"attendeeId":17416,"attendees":{"id":17416,"userFirstName":"Jason","userLastName":"Singh","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"jasonsinghcode","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"TSP","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Developer worked in many Product Groups. Shipped products worldwide from Altera, Informix, Sybase and Microsoft.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17424,"userLastName":"Courville","userFirstName":"Eric","company":"Northern California PowerShell Users Group","principleJob":"DevOps Engineer","twitterHandle":"@_organicit","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ericcourville","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Eric Courville has been with Verizon for 15 years supporting and implementing Large Enterprise Resource Planning Applications from vendors such as Oracle, Microsoft and SAP.  Specializing in application monitoring, and integrating SSO with third party applications.  Eric is Also the founder of the Northern California PowerShell User Group with locations in San Francisco and the Sacramento area.","userWebsite":"http://organicit.org","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2592],"slug":"eric-courville-17424","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2592,"title":"PowerShell and DevOps","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"PowerShell has become the most powerful tool in the Microsoft toolbox.   From desktop/server management and web/application API's PowerShell has the power of the  .NET Framework to leverage limitless methods and functions to manage your environment. With delivered Microsoft and 3rd party vendor Cmdlets we'll learn how to leverage PowerShell to do the heavy lifting on our DevOps work load. We will dive into learning how to leverage PowerShell scripting and Module development to enhance your ability to monitor and maintain your Enterprise.\n","descriptionShort":"Learn to use PowerShell to troubleshoot and monitor application ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2882,"sessionId":2592,"attendeeId":17424,"attendees":{"id":17424,"userFirstName":"Eric","userLastName":"Courville","twitterHandle":"@_organicit","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ericcourville","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"DevOps Engineer","company":"Northern California PowerShell Users Group","userBioShort":"Eric is the founder of the Northern California PowerShell User Group with locations in San Francisco and the Sacramento area.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17453,"userLastName":"Bhatter","userFirstName":"Pradeep","company":"SugarCRM","principleJob":"Product Owner/Solution Architect","twitterHandle":"@pbhatter","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"pbhatter","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Pradeep is Senior Business Analyst at SugarCRM. By education he is an engineer in Computer Science from BITS Pilani, India. As a child Pradeep played with electric and electronics  circuits and eventually micro-processors. He is passionate contributor to enrichment programs for kids in K1-12 age group for topics including technology and personal finances.","userWebsite":"http://www.devoxx4kids.org/usa","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2535,2537,3670],"slug":"pradeep-bhatter-17453","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2535,"title":"Start the journey to Internet of Things with Arduino","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$2f","descriptionShort":"In this workshop kids will be introduced to open-source microcontroller Arduino. They will build a simple circuit, interface it to Arduino and learn how to write and upload a sketch.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":48,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2817,"sessionId":2535,"attendeeId":17453,"attendees":{"id":17453,"userFirstName":"Pradeep","userLastName":"Bhatter","twitterHandle":"@pbhatter","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"pbhatter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Product Owner/Solution Architect","company":"SugarCRM","userBioShort":"Tinkerer, software & business professional, father, and passionate educator.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4601"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3670,"title":"Start the journey to Internet of Things with Arduino - Part 2","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$30","descriptionShort":"This continuation of the first workshop. In this workshop kids will be introduced to open-source microcontroller Arduino. They will build a simple circuit, interface it to Arduino and learn how to write and upload a sketch.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":48,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3992,"sessionId":3670,"attendeeId":17453,"attendees":{"id":17453,"userFirstName":"Pradeep","userLastName":"Bhatter","twitterHandle":"@pbhatter","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"pbhatter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Product Owner/Solution Architect","company":"SugarCRM","userBioShort":"Tinkerer, software & business professional, father, and passionate educator.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4601"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2537,"title":"Circuit Art","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session is a about having fun with play dough and learn about electricity and circuits. It is really geared towards younger kids in the K1-5 grades.\n\nIt is based on the idea of \"Squishy Circuits\" ( http://courseweb.stthomas.edu/apthomas/SquishyCircuits/ is a popular concept )\n\nKids will get to create things using play dough, batteries, LED etc. They will start with some sample models to build and then it is up to their imaginations and the material available in the workshop.\n\n They will get to see one of the simpler creations being controlled by none other than the open source microcontroller, Arduino.","descriptionShort":"This session is a about having fun with play dough and learn about electricity and circuits. It is for kids in grades K1-5.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://bit.ly/SQUISHY","lectureRoomsId":48,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2819,"sessionId":2537,"attendeeId":17453,"attendees":{"id":17453,"userFirstName":"Pradeep","userLastName":"Bhatter","twitterHandle":"@pbhatter","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"pbhatter","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Product Owner/Solution Architect","company":"SugarCRM","userBioShort":"Tinkerer, software & business professional, father, and passionate educator.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":2833,"sessionId":2537,"attendeeId":17461,"attendees":{"id":17461,"userFirstName":"Pavi","userLastName":"Bhatter","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Devoxx4Kids","userBioShort":"Pavi Bhatter is a high school student and a Girl Scout. She is interested in learning about technology and sharing it with other kids.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4601"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17454,"userLastName":"Bettoni","userFirstName":"Paolo","company":"Cherwell Software","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Enjoyed .NET since the early betas. Spent the last decade and a half as a consultant, architect, developer. 25+ years of public speaking experience in 4 languages.","userWebsite":"http://about.me/pbettoni","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2533],"slug":"paolo-bettoni-17454","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2533,"title":"MVC + Knockout Sing and Dance","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Make your ASP.NET MVC sing and dance with Knockout goodness. Learn the reasons why you might want to do it, as well as pros and cons of the options available: knockout.js and Knockout MVC. This lession requires no previous knowledge of knockout and some basic knowledge of ASP.NET MVC","descriptionShort":"Make your ASP.NET MVC sing and dance with Knockout goodness. Learn the reasons why you might want to do it, as well as pros and cons of the options available: knockout.js and Knockout MVC.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":20,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2815,"sessionId":2533,"attendeeId":17454,"attendees":{"id":17454,"userFirstName":"Paolo","userLastName":"Bettoni","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"Cherwell Software","userBioShort":"Enjoyed .NET since the early betas. Spent the last decade and a half as a consultant, architect, developer. 25+ years of public speaking experience in 4 languages.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4310"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17461,"userLastName":"Bhatter","userFirstName":"Pavi","company":"Devoxx4Kids","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Pavi Bhatter is a high school student and an active Girl Scout for 10 years. She is interested in learning about technology and sharing it with other kids. Her other interests include track&field, playing drums, dancing, and photography.","userWebsite":"-","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2537],"slug":"pavi-bhatter-17461","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:136:presenterSessions:2"]},{"id":17473,"userLastName":"Simms","userFirstName":"Mark","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Principal Group Program Manager","twitterHandle":"@mabsimms","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Mark Simms is a Principal Group Program Manager on the Microsoft Azure Customer Advisory Team, helping customers build out the largest services and applications on Azure.  He is currently focused on scalability and availability patterns for building Internet of Things applications.  Prior to joining Microsoft, Mark was the CTO of a mobile application startup, working on everything from embedded digital design to live site operations for a SaaS platform.  ","userWebsite":"http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2540,2600],"slug":"mark-simms-17473","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2540,"title":"Connecting Stuff to Azure, and What Happens Along the Way","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"From cars, to thermostats, through media players and embedded controllers, devices are being connected to the Internet at a furious pace.  To share information, publish telemetry, provide global visibility, or just to have someone to talk to, cloud services need to connect devices and information at a massive scale.  \n\nThis session will discuss and demonstrate and coding practices (with a healthy dose of anti-patterns) from live Azure customers, with a focus on scalability and availability in an occasionally connected world.","descriptionShort":"From cars, to thermostats, through media players and embedded controllers, devices are being connected to the Internet at a furious pace. This session will discuss and demonstrate and coding practices from live Azure customers.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2823,"sessionId":2540,"attendeeId":17473,"attendees":{"id":17473,"userFirstName":"Mark","userLastName":"Simms","twitterHandle":"@mabsimms","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Group Program Manager","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Mark Simms is a Principal Group Program Manager on the Microsoft Azure Customer Advisory Team, helping customers build out the largest services and applications on Azure.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2600,"title":"Code Shaming, Anti Patterns in Action","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"As part of my job at Microsoft helping our customers build out highly awesome solutions on Azure, I see a lot of code.  Some good, some bad, some so tremendously awkward (often in very subtle ways) that I ran away screaming.\n\nIn this session we'll explore some (highly anonymized) examples of anti patterns in action, and how to identify and address several of these patterns in the context of cloud services at scale.\n\nDisclaimer: there will be humor, sarcasm, and a fair bit of bad code written by yours truly.","descriptionShort":"As part of my job at Microsoft I see a lot of code.  Some great, some good, some not so much.  In this session we'll explore some of the common anti patterns seen in cloud services at scale, and how to find and expunge them.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/masimms/svcc-code-shaming-and-antipatterns","lectureRoomsId":35,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2895,"sessionId":2600,"attendeeId":17473,"attendees":{"id":17473,"userFirstName":"Mark","userLastName":"Simms","twitterHandle":"@mabsimms","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Group Program Manager","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Mark Simms is a Principal Group Program Manager on the Microsoft Azure Customer Advisory Team, helping customers build out the largest services and applications on Azure.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8402"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":17478,"userLastName":"Trivedi","userFirstName":"Anoop","company":"Devoxx4Kids","principleJob":"Entrepreneur","twitterHandle":"@hianoopt","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"As a seasoned entrepreneur with over 24+ years of IT experience in the field of Computer Science and Engineering, I love to teach kids computer science fundamentals and mathematics. I regularly teach courses in the field of Python programming, HTML, JavaScript, and Mobile development. Since 1994, I have been living in Silicon Valley, and have worked with startups as well as large enterprises. \n\nI run my own retail software company for past 15 years, and feel its time to give back to the society. I also hold double major in the field of Computer Science from Sydney, Australia.\n","userWebsite":"https://github.com/anooptrivedi/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2543,2544],"slug":"anoop-trivedi-17478","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2543,"title":"Introduction to Python – Beginners – Level 1","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Python is intended to be a highly readable programming language. It is\ndesigned to have an uncluttered visual layout, frequently using\nEnglish keywords where other languages use punctuation. This is\ntwo-hour course on introduction to Python, wherein students will learn\nbasics of programming in python, Python Shell, input/output\nstatements, data types, and conditional executions. Towards the end of\nthe lecture, we will do few exercises and kindle interest in kids who\nare just starting programming. Students are expected to carry a\nlaptop/Mac, and download instructions for Python and IDE (PyCharm)\nwill be shared before the class.\n\n6+ grader is minimum requirement.","descriptionShort":"This is two-hour course on introduction to Python, wherein students will learn\nbasics of programming in python, Python Shell, input/output\nstatements, data types, and conditional executions. For 6+ graders.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/anooptrivedi/workshops-python-level1","lectureRoomsId":46,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2826,"sessionId":2543,"attendeeId":17478,"attendees":{"id":17478,"userFirstName":"Anoop","userLastName":"Trivedi","twitterHandle":"@hianoopt","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Entrepreneur","company":"Devoxx4Kids","userBioShort":"Seasoned entrepreneur with over 24+ years of IT experience in the field of Computer Science.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4502"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":2544,"title":"Introduction to Python – Beginners – Level 2","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session will cover Python types such as List, Tuples, and\nDictionary. We will delve into these topics in much detail through\nexamples and hands-on exercise. We will also design and develop\nworking Python game “Hangman”. We will cover topics of methods in\nPython as well Graphical User Interface (GUI) using tkinter (an\nin-built API in Python). We will design and built small applications,\nsuch as temp. and length converters to give a start.\n\n6+ grader is required to attend this session.","descriptionShort":"This session will cover Python types such as List, Tuples, and\nDictionary. We will delve into these topics in much detail through\nexamples and hands-on exercise. 6+ grader is required to attend this session.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/anooptrivedi/workshops-python-level2","lectureRoomsId":46,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2827,"sessionId":2544,"attendeeId":17478,"attendees":{"id":17478,"userFirstName":"Anoop","userLastName":"Trivedi","twitterHandle":"@hianoopt","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Entrepreneur","company":"Devoxx4Kids","userBioShort":"Seasoned entrepreneur with over 24+ years of IT experience in the field of Computer Science.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4502"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18583,"userLastName":"Ryan","userFirstName":"Pete","company":"Gogohire","principleJob":"co-founder","twitterHandle":"@gogohire","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"peteryanprofile","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Pete Ryan, CEO and Co-Founder, at Gogohire - A Hiring Marketplace for Sales Talent (500 Startups backed).  Pete's an expert in sales hacking and sales.  Prior to starting Gogohire, Pete was the top sales person at Oracle, LinkedIn and DoubleDutch.  Pete's a weird hybrid -- sales hacking + product + marketing. ","userWebsite":"Gogohire.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3651],"slug":"pete-ryan-18583","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3651,"title":"Selling Basics for Startups","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$31","descriptionShort":"This event has been organized specifically for startup founders and early employees who do not have robust sales backgrounds and want to learn more about effective selling techniques and best practices. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3958,"sessionId":3651,"attendeeId":18583,"attendees":{"id":18583,"userFirstName":"Pete","userLastName":"Ryan","twitterHandle":"@gogohire","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"peteryanprofile","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"co-founder","company":"Gogohire","userBioShort":"CEO and Co-founder @ Gogohire - Hiring Marketplace for Sales Talent.  Pete's an expert in sales. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18590,"userLastName":"Hann","userFirstName":"John","company":"Pivotal Software, Inc.","principleJob":"Principal Engineer","twitterHandle":"unscriptable","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"John built his first suite of rich web apps in 1996, long before most people had a clue that the web would become a powerful application platform. John continues to obsess on the front end and loves discovering new architectural patterns or applying time-honored ones to JavaScript and CSS. Now, when he's not writing open source code as a Principal Engineer at Pivotal or as Co-founder at cujoJS, he is sure to be working on some wicked cool science project or construction project with his kids.","userWebsite":"http://github.com/unscriptable","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2556],"slug":"john-hann-18590","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2556,"title":"Introducing RaveJS: Zero-config JavaScript applications","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Introducing RaveJS. Rave eliminates configuration, machinery, and complexity. Stop configuring and tweaking file watchers, minifiers, and transpilers just to get to a runnable app. Instead, go from zero to \"hello world\" in 30 seconds. In the next 30 seconds, easily add capabilities and frameworks to your application simply by installing *Rave Extensions* and *Rave Starter* packages from npm and Bower, the leading JavaScript package managers. Finally, install additional *Rave Extension* packages to apply your favorite build, deploy, and testing patterns.\nhttp://github.com/RaveJS/ http://cujojs.com/","descriptionShort":"Introducing RaveJS. Rave eliminates configuration, machinery, and complexity. Stop configuring and tweaking file watchers, minifiers, and transpilers just to get to a runnable app.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/unscriptable/intro-to-rave-js-at-svcc-fall-2014","lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2840,"sessionId":2556,"attendeeId":18590,"attendees":{"id":18590,"userFirstName":"John","userLastName":"Hann","twitterHandle":"unscriptable","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Engineer","company":"Pivotal Software, Inc.","userBioShort":"John built his first suite of rich web apps in 1996, long before most people had a clue that the web would become a powerful application platform. John continues to obsess on the front end and loves discovering new architectural patterns or applying time-honored ones to JavaScript and CSS. Now, when he's not writing open source code as a Principal Engineer at Pivotal or as Co-founder at cujoJS, he is sure to be working on some wicked cool science project or construction project with his kids.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18613,"userLastName":"Saxena","userFirstName":"Vishal","company":"Symantec","principleJob":"Sr. Program Manager","twitterHandle":"vishalishere","facebookId":"https://www.facebook.com/vishalnsaxena","linkedInId":"vishalnarayan","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Vishal is a Microsoft Azure MVP with over 18 years experience developing amazing products using Microsoft technology stack. Have substantial experience in product deliveries using Agile and Scrum methodologies, Vishal is also a Certified Scrum Master and Certified Scrum Professional\n\nVishal is a public speaker at many conferences including famous SoCal code camp","userWebsite":"www.linkedin.com/in/vishalnarayan/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2581],"slug":"vishal-saxena-18613","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2581,"title":"Get Started with Azure Tonight ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Microsoft is committed to Azure, and so are many growing number of users. There are so many featues getting added to Azure every day that its becomming challenging to keep up with new features and take full advantage of offering. In this session we will walk you through\nSteps to get started.\nCreating a new team project and setup version control, Process template etc.\nCreate a new website with SQL Server backend.\nOpen the website in Visual Studio from the new Azure portal\nSet up continuous deployment / integration \nModifying and commit the project to Azure\nBrowse the deployed code.\nBrief preview of Windows App Studio and create a mobile app for your website.\nAll of this so you can get started with Azure tonight","descriptionShort":"Microsoft is committed to Azure, and so are many growing number of users. There are so many featues getting added to Azure every day that its becomming challenging to keep up with new features and take full advantage of offering.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2869,"sessionId":2581,"attendeeId":18613,"attendees":{"id":18613,"userFirstName":"Vishal","userLastName":"Saxena","twitterHandle":"vishalishere","facebookId":"https://www.facebook.com/vishalnsaxena","linkedInId":"vishalnarayan","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Sr. Program Manager","company":"Symantec","userBioShort":"Vishal is a Microsoft Azure MVP","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18621,"userLastName":"Gopinathan","userFirstName":"Ilayaperumal","company":"Pivotal Inc.,","principleJob":"Staff Engineer","twitterHandle":"ilayaperumalg","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Ilayaperumal is a developer from Spring XD team at Pivotal. Prior to Spring XD, he was a contributor to vFabric, CloudFoundry and Hyperic products in VMware.","userWebsite":"spring.io/team/ilayaperumalg","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2561],"slug":"ilayaperumal-gopinathan-18621","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2561,"title":"Simplifying Big Data development using Spring XD","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Developing big data applications mostly involves leveraging the capabilities of wide range of products and make them work together. This has always been a painful point for any big data application developer. \nSpringXD (http://projects.spring.io/spring-xd/) tries to simplify these challenges by unifying all the big data use cases into a single product and thererby makes it easy to solve common big data problems such as data ingestion and export, real-time analytics, and batch workflow orchestration.\nIn this session, we will discuss the capabilities of Spring XD and I will show how to build a real world big data application using Spring XD.\n","descriptionShort":"In this session, we will discuss the capabilities of Spring XD (http://projects.spring.io/spring-xd/) and I will show how to build a real world big data application using Spring XD.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-xd/wiki","lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2848,"sessionId":2561,"attendeeId":18621,"attendees":{"id":18621,"userFirstName":"Ilayaperumal","userLastName":"Gopinathan","twitterHandle":"ilayaperumalg","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Staff Engineer","company":"Pivotal Inc.,","userBioShort":"Software Engineer from Spring XD team at Pivotal Inc.,","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18624,"userLastName":"Smith","userFirstName":"Dylan","company":"Imaginet","principleJob":"ALM Consultant","twitterHandle":"dylan_smith","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Dylan Smith is a Microsoft MVP in ALM, and an ALM (Application Lifecycle Management) consultant for Imaginet where he spends his time helping teams become more successful at delivering software. In addition to over 16 years experience designing and architecting mission critical applications, Dylan helps run the .Net User Group in his hometown of Winnipeg, Canada. In the past 8 years Dylan has focused on agile development techniques and practices. He has led the shift to agile and lean development practices across multiple teams, projects and companies.","userWebsite":"http://www.geekswithblogs.net/optikal","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2562],"slug":"dylan-smith-18624","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2562,"title":"Evolve Your Code: Fundamental Design Principles","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"If I could travel back in time and give the rookie developer version of myself an hour of advice, this session will be that advice. I'm specifically focusing on advice that will help us write better code. I've written a lot of horrible code in my career, and learned a lot of lessons in the process. In my day job I also get the opportunity to look at a lot of other teams code, and help them clean it up. Over my career I've gotten a pretty good idea of what I believe are the most important lessons when learning to write \"good\" code. And here's a hint, it's not neatly captured in the SOLID set of principles that seem to be so popular at conferences these days.  Expect a lot of examples and concrete advice that you can take away and start applying immediately to improve your code.","descriptionShort":"If I could travel back in time and give the rookie developer version of myself an hour of advice on how to write better code, this session will be that advice.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.geekswithblogs.net/Optikal","lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2849,"sessionId":2562,"attendeeId":18624,"attendees":{"id":18624,"userFirstName":"Dylan","userLastName":"Smith","twitterHandle":"dylan_smith","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"ALM Consultant","company":"Imaginet","userBioShort":"ALM MVP, ALM Consultant, Coach, Mentor, Architect, Agile Enthusiast","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18642,"userLastName":"Grenie","userFirstName":"Nicolas","company":"3scale","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"picsoung","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"French, majoring in geek science at @utbm_fr. @Cerealize cofounder, ex-@mailjet dev evangelist. G33k, fun, frogs and snails! @3scale hacker in residence.","userWebsite":"https://www.apitools.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2566],"slug":"nicolas-grenie-18642","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2566,"title":"API Mobile App-Driven Development Made Easy","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"Today’s mobile applications depend on a wide range of backend APIs to make them function, and staying in control of these external systems is a huge pain point. In this talk we’ll show you a few easy ways to proxy your mobile apps HTTP(s) requests to better test and debug mobile apps with <a href='https://www.apitools.com' target=\"_blank\"  >APItools</a>. Let’s make it easier!","descriptionShort":"In this talk we’ll show you a few easy ways to proxy your mobile apps HTTP(s) requests to better test and debug mobile apps with APItools (https://www.apitools.com. Let’s make it easier!","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2853,"sessionId":2566,"attendeeId":18642,"attendees":{"id":18642,"userFirstName":"Nicolas","userLastName":"Grenie","twitterHandle":"picsoung","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"3scale","userBioShort":"French, majoring in geek science at @utbm_fr. @Cerealize cofounder, ex-@mailjet dev evangelist. G33k, fun, frogs and snails! @3scale hacker in residence.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18653,"userLastName":"Galvan","userFirstName":"Claudia","company":"Early Stage Innovation","principleJob":"President","twitterHandle":"@cgalvan","facebookId":"galvan.claudia","linkedInId":"cgalvan","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Claudia Galván has led global product development at Oracle, Adobe and Microsoft reaching billions of people around the world. In the last few years she has focused on helping startups in Silicon Valley launch products internationally. ","userWebsite":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/cgalvan/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2570],"slug":"claudia-galvan-18653","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2570,"title":"Engineering without Borders","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Today, most companies development teams are distributed around the world. \"Engineering without Borders\" has become the norm, distributed teams have a lot of advantages scalability, cost efficiency and diversity. However, global teams also face many challenges including cultural, work and time differences. In this presentation we will discuss effective strategies on building synergies in distributed teams to successfully launch products around the world.","descriptionShort":"Research demonstrates that openly recognizing cultural differences and intentionally strengthening social ties among team members are criteria for building trust in distributed teams. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2857,"sessionId":2570,"attendeeId":18653,"attendees":{"id":18653,"userFirstName":"Claudia","userLastName":"Galvan","twitterHandle":"@cgalvan","facebookId":"galvan.claudia","linkedInId":"cgalvan","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President","company":"Early Stage Innovation","userBioShort":"Claudia Galván is a senior technical leader in Silicon Valley leading global product development.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18656,"userLastName":"Wu","userFirstName":"Kai","company":"Smartorg. Inc","principleJob":"Software engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Kai Wu is a software engineer of SmartOrg with a strong focus on single page application. He is interested in delivering cutting edge applications.\nRight now Kai is working with AngularJs, Test-driven development and NodeJs.\nOutside of the web, Kai likes music, badminton and cooking.","userWebsite":"https://medium.com/@kylewu","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2567,2568],"slug":"kai-wu-18656","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:109:presenterSessions:0","$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:109:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":18686,"userLastName":"Lehtinen","userFirstName":"Joonas","company":"Vaadin","principleJob":"CEO","twitterHandle":"joonaslehtinen","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"joonaslehtinen","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Dr. Joonas Lehtinen is the founder of Vaadin project, a Java-based framework for building awesome web UI easily in Java. He is the founder and CEO of the company behind the Vaadin framework and leads a team of 80 engineers who are mostly working in European timezones. While not in a hangout to 10 time zones away from Vaadin's Silicon Valley offices, Joonas keeps failing in getting rid of his Finnish accent.","userWebsite":"http://vaadin.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2574],"slug":"joonas-lehtinen-18686","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2574,"title":"Web UI in Java with Vaadin","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$32","descriptionShort":"Vaadin is a popular web framework that allows you to write user interface in Java 8 language without directly JavaScript. The presentation explains how Vaadin works and gets you started with building beautiful web apps in Java.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/joonaslehtinen/vaadin-intro-at-gwtcreate","lectureRoomsId":29,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2862,"sessionId":2574,"attendeeId":18686,"attendees":{"id":18686,"userFirstName":"Joonas","userLastName":"Lehtinen","twitterHandle":"joonaslehtinen","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"joonaslehtinen","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"Vaadin","userBioShort":"Dr. Joonas Lehtinen is the founder of Vaadin project, a Java-based framework for building awesome web UI easily in Java. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"Hearthside Lounge"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18713,"userLastName":"Eichenbaum","userFirstName":"Andrew","company":"DesignMind","principleJob":"Principal Data Science Consultant","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"andreweichenbaum","linkedInId":"andreweichenbaum","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"I am a former physicist who realized that data mining and the understanding of systems is my real passion. That lead me from my PhD in Physics to the realm of web analytics where I have worked on problems in: search, personalization, NLP, reporting, product design/road-map, and basic R&D.\n\nWith over 10 years of industry experience, I have managed multiple projects and teams across a wide range of topics ranging from BI and marketing, to basic research, dashboards and SEO/SEM.\n\nSpecialties: Quantitative Analysis and Data Mining including: artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, algorithm development, personalization / profiling, reporting, and defining odd basises.\n","userWebsite":"www.designmind.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2588],"slug":"andrew-eichenbaum-18713","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2588,"title":"Hiring A Big Data and Data Science Team ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Hiring a new member to your team is always a daunting task. Now combine that with looking to fill “The Sexiest Job of the Century”, Data Scientist, or the equally hard to find, \"Data Wrangler\", and you can have quite the conundrum. \n\nThe talk will be centred on all general hiring practices, as well as specifics on how to hire Data Scientists and Data Wrangles.   Specifically there will be sections on:\n\n  - What position are you trying to hire.\n  - Finding someone to fit the position.\n  - How to interview the candidate.\n","descriptionShort":"Hiring a new member to your team is always a daunting task. Now combine that with looking to fill “The Sexiest Job of the Century”, Data Scientist, or the equally hard to find, \"Data Wrangler\", and you can have quite the conundrum.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":4,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2877,"sessionId":2588,"attendeeId":18713,"attendees":{"id":18713,"userFirstName":"Andrew","userLastName":"Eichenbaum","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"andreweichenbaum","linkedInId":"andreweichenbaum","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principal Data Science Consultant","company":"DesignMind","userBioShort":"\nAndrew has over 10 years of Industrial Data science, Advanced Business Intelligence, and back-end experience. Before joining DesignMind, Andrew was one of the founding team at Yummly and lead the Research & Analytics group. Andrew earned his PhD. in Experimental Particle Physics from University of Wisconsin, Madison.\n\n","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4203"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18752,"userLastName":"Terrell","userFirstName":"Riccardo","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Software Architect","twitterHandle":"@trikace","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Riccardo Terrell, is a Software Architect at Microsoft who is passionate about functional programming.  He is active in the F# community and started the DC F# user’s group.  Riccardo is a believer in polyglot programming as a mechanism in finding the right tool for the job. He likes to describe himself as a functional guy living in an imperative world. ","userWebsite":"meetup.com/dcfsharp","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2587],"slug":"riccardo-terrell-18752","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2587,"title":"Why & What functional programming","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"As software becomes more complex, it is imperative to structure it well, to ensure that it is easy to write, debug, and provides a collection of modules that can be reused to reduce future programming costs.  Functional Programming has been around for a while, but it is gaining popularity, especially due to direct support in languages on the JVM and the CLR. Writing code in functional style is not about syntax, it is a paradigm shift.\n\nIn this presentation, using examples in F# and C#, you will learn how to write code in functional style. We will start out discussing the elements of functional programming and then look at examples of some common operations and how you can implement those in functional style.","descriptionShort":"As software becomes more complex, it is imperative to structure it well, to ensure that it is easy to write, debug, and provides a collection of modules that can be reused to reduce future programming costs. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://github.com/DCFsharp/WhyFunctional-SVCC2014","lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2876,"sessionId":2587,"attendeeId":18752,"attendees":{"id":18752,"userFirstName":"Riccardo","userLastName":"Terrell","twitterHandle":"@trikace","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Architect","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Riccardo Terrell, is a Software Architect at Microsoft who is passionate about functional programming.  He is active in the F# community and started the DC F# user’s group.  Riccardo is a believer in polyglot programming as a mechanism in finding the right tool for the job. He likes to describe himself as a functional guy living in an imperative world. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18763,"userLastName":"McKeeth","userFirstName":"Jim","company":"Embarcadero Technologies","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"jimmckeeth","facebookId":"jimmckeeth","linkedInId":"JimMcKeeth","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Inventor of swipe to unlock (US Patent numbers 6,766,456, 8,352,745, . . .) and long time software developer, Jim McKeeth loves pushing the envelope for was is possible, and sharing what he discovers. As World Wide Developer Evangelist for Embarcadero Technologies he travels the world meeting with developers working on all sorts of exciting projects. When not traveling he enjoys spending time with his family and dog in Idaho","userWebsite":"http://delphi.org/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2589],"slug":"jim-mckeeth-18763","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2589,"title":"Exploring the Brain-Computer Interface","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$33","descriptionShort":"The Brain-Computer Interface is a mainstay of science-fiction. Come learn the science fact with an actual demonstrations of a Brain-Computer Interface in action as a volunteer flies a Quadricopter using only their mind.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://www.slideshare.net/jimmckeeth/jim-mc-keeth-wearable-thought-input/","lectureRoomsId":5,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2878,"sessionId":2589,"attendeeId":18763,"attendees":{"id":18763,"userFirstName":"Jim","userLastName":"McKeeth","twitterHandle":"jimmckeeth","facebookId":"jimmckeeth","linkedInId":"JimMcKeeth","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Embarcadero Technologies","userBioShort":"Long time software developer, mobile app development trainer, lead worldwide developer evangelist and inventor of swipe-to-unlock.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4301"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18773,"userLastName":"Yu","userFirstName":"Yann","company":"Lucidworks","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@yawnyou","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"yannyu","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Yann Yu is a Systems Engineer at LucidWorks and brings years of experience in search, natural language processing and internationalization to the Lucidworks team. As part of the professional Services group at Lucidworks, Yann has architected and deployed Solr solutions for hundreds of customers, including those in the Fortune 500. He has collaborated with Lucidworks Hadoop partners to integrate large-scale, high volume Hadoop deployments with Solr all over the world. Previously a software developer at Basis Technology, Yann worked extensively on Rosette Entity Extractor and Rosette Language Identifier products.","userWebsite":"http://www.lucidworks.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2591],"slug":"yann-yu-18773","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2591,"title":"Why Would You Integrate Solr and Hadoop? (and why would you do that?)","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"As more companies are turning to and finishing implementation of Hadoop for their storage and distributed computation needs, there comes a question on how best to expose the stored information and analytics to end-users. In this talk we discuss how Solr and Hadoop complement each other, and how to use Solr as a real-time, analytical, full-text search front-end to data stored in Hadoop.\n\nThe use cases covered are applicable to near-real time search and indexing, enterprise document search, eCommerce applications, machine/log record analysis, and financial applications, among others.","descriptionShort":"A discussion of how Solr and Hadoop complement each other, and how to use Solr as a real-time, analytical, full-text search front-end to data stored in Hadoop.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/LucidImagination/integrating-solr-hadoop","lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2880,"sessionId":2591,"attendeeId":18773,"attendees":{"id":18773,"userFirstName":"Yann","userLastName":"Yu","twitterHandle":"@yawnyou","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"yannyu","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Lucidworks","userBioShort":"Yann Yu is a Systems Engineer at LucidWorks and brings years of experience in search, natural language processing and internationalization to the Lucidworks team. As part of the professional Services group at Lucidworks, Yann has architected and deployed Solr solutions for hundreds of customers, including those in the Fortune 500. He has collaborated with Lucidworks Hadoop partners to integrate large-scale, high volume Hadoop deployments with Solr all over the world.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18792,"userLastName":"Hurst","userFirstName":"Tenaya","company":"Rogue Making","principleJob":"CEO","twitterHandle":"@TenayaHurst","facebookId":"RogueMaking","linkedInId":"tenayahurst","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Tenaya is a Maker.  From finding out about this new microcontroller technology in March 2013, she's taken off with the electronic fever of MAKING.  Yes, she is the new Lady Maker on the scene, joining the project and coding community of Arduino, Linino and other microcontrollers.  Now Tenaya enjoys teaching beginners in Wearable Technology, Software Engineering, and Soldering.  Contact her for further information about workshops in sewing circuits, soldering, and code.  Tenaya holds a B.A. from Indiana University in Theatre, Geological Sciences, and Anthropological Sciences.","userWebsite":"www.RogueMaking.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2593,3669],"slug":"tenaya-hurst-18792","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2593,"title":"Wearable Tech with Arduino Woman","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$34","descriptionShort":"Have you tried sewing with Conductive Thread?  Tenaya makes it fun and easy to embed circuits into your clothing.  This introductory workshop starts you with relatively easy parallel circuits.  More complex programmable sensors are available.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":51,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2883,"sessionId":2593,"attendeeId":18792,"attendees":{"id":18792,"userFirstName":"Tenaya","userLastName":"Hurst","twitterHandle":"@TenayaHurst","facebookId":"RogueMaking","linkedInId":"tenayahurst","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"Rogue Making","userBioShort":"Tenaya is a Rogue Maker, she loves electrical engineering with Wearable Tech and prototyping on the breadboard.  Check out her latest music video \"I'm So Maker\" http://youtu.be/riNcuvypPHo","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4604"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3669,"title":"Trick-or-Treat Wearable Technology","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Want to get into the Halloween spirit this year at Code Camp?  Tenaya is a Rogue Maker and since March 16th 2013, has been learning all about electrical engineering, microcontrollers, and wearable technology.  For Tenaya's 2nd workshop, we'll learn how to sew with conductive thread.  Add the patch you create to your costume to go trick-or-treating with LEDs lighting the way.  Make a pumpkin, cat, or ghost in felt, and feel free to make your own inspiration with other fabric.  Tenaya teaches a 3 part workshop where we 1) Design 2) Prototype, and 3) Make (sew!) Choose from 6 colors of LEDs with Tenaya's #RogueMaking Lilypad kits. More sensors and LEDs are available through the workshop as well. Rogue Making wearable tech kits will be an additional $20-$35 for take-home materials to keep. Prototyping materials, fabric, and sewing supplies provided.","descriptionShort":"Halloween Wearable Tech!  Make this your year to be seen in the dark as you Trick or Treat!  Tenaya from Rogue Making, also known as Arduino Woman, would love to help you create something fun with LEDs and conductive thread.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":51,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3989,"sessionId":3669,"attendeeId":18792,"attendees":{"id":18792,"userFirstName":"Tenaya","userLastName":"Hurst","twitterHandle":"@TenayaHurst","facebookId":"RogueMaking","linkedInId":"tenayahurst","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"Rogue Making","userBioShort":"Tenaya is a Rogue Maker, she loves electrical engineering with Wearable Tech and prototyping on the breadboard.  Check out her latest music video \"I'm So Maker\" http://youtu.be/riNcuvypPHo","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4604"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18802,"userLastName":"Zhu","userFirstName":"Gordon","company":"Angular Course","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@gordon_zhu","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Gordon runs angularcourse.com, which teaches students how to build web applications with AngularJS.\n\nPreviously, he was at Google, where he developed applications for the education team using AngularJS. Before that, he was also a product manager (Maps) and product marketing manager (TalkBin and AdWords).\n\nGordon graduated from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, where he majored in economics and management.","userWebsite":"www.angularcourse.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2607],"slug":"gordon-zhu-18802","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2607,"title":"Launch an Angular app in 75 minutes","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this 75 session, you’ll build and launch your first AngularJS app. Along the way, you’ll learn about many of the core features of Angular. This will be a great session if you want to understand how Angular can be used in the context of a complete application.\n\nAt the end of the session, you’ll have a fully functional database-backed application that you’ll deploy to a live site.","descriptionShort":"In this 75 session, you’ll build and launch your first AngularJS app. Along the way, you’ll learn about many of the core features of Angular.\n\nClick the materials link to see the code that we'll write in the course.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://jsbin.com/pijubo/10/edit","lectureRoomsId":28,"sessionTimesId":58,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2904,"sessionId":2607,"attendeeId":18802,"attendees":{"id":18802,"userFirstName":"Gordon","userLastName":"Zhu","twitterHandle":"@gordon_zhu","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Angular Course","userBioShort":"Gordon runs angularcourse.com, which teaches students how to build web applications with AngularJS.\n\nPreviously, he was at Google, where he developed applications for the education team using AngularJS. Before that, he was also a product manager (Maps) and product marketing manager (TalkBin and AdWords).\n\nGordon graduated from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, where he majored in economics and management.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8338"},"sessionTime":{"id":58,"startTime":"2014-10-11T20:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:45 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":18820,"userLastName":"Bradford","userFirstName":"Jeanne","company":"TCGen","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@jeannebradford","facebookId":"TCGen-Inc","linkedInId":"jeannebradford","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Jeanne Bradford is the co-author of “Innovate Products Faster: Graphical Tools for Accelerating Product Development”. She has led global organizations to deliver compelling products and technologies for some of the industries leading companies, including Apple, Cisco and Texas Instruments. While at Apple, Jeanne re-architected Apple’s new product development process (ANPP), building the core capability that allowed Apple to quickly deliver innovate new products to market.\n\nAs Principle of TCGen, Jeanne has been a trusted advisor to some of the industry’s leading technology companies in the areas of product development, program management and operations.\n\nJeanne is a frequent industry speaker on the topics of product development best practices and the application of Agile best practices in mixed-platform products. \n\nShe earned a MBA from Santa Clara University and a BA in mathematics from the University of Missouri in Columbia, MO.","userWebsite":"www.tcgen.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2597],"slug":"jeanne-bradford-18820","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2597,"title":"Debunking The Agile Myth:  Agile is NOT Just for Software!","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$35","descriptionShort":"You will learn about the results of our 2013 research with Silicon Valley companies which shows that the most impactful elements Agile/Scrum are not unique to software, and I will share best practices that can be applied to mixed-platforms.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":13,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2889,"sessionId":2597,"attendeeId":18820,"attendees":{"id":18820,"userFirstName":"Jeanne","userLastName":"Bradford","twitterHandle":"@jeannebradford","facebookId":"TCGen-Inc","linkedInId":"jeannebradford","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"TCGen","userBioShort":"Jeanne Bradford is the co-author of “Innovate Products Faster: Graphical Tools for Accelerating Product Development”.  Not a career consultant, Jeanne worked for Apple for 10 years, and lead the re-architecture of Apple's product development process - ANPP.  She is a frequent industry speaker on the product development best practices, applying Agile best practices in a mixed-platform environment, and the application of social technologies to product innovation.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4221"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":19824,"userLastName":"Drucker","userFirstName":"Steve","company":"FIG LEAF SOFTWARE","principleJob":"President","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"<p>Steve Drucker is the founder and president of Fig Leaf Software, a full-service interactive agency based in Washington, DC. Throughout his 20-year career in IT, Steve has led dozens of enterprise web application development initiatives, authored instructor-led courseware for Intel, Sencha, Adobe, JackBe, and others, and remains active in the community as a user group manager and active technology blogger. He is currently developing apps and teaching courses using Sencha Touch, Sencha Ext JS, Acquia Drupal 7, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, Adobe ColdFusion, and Node.JS. Contact Steve at<a href=\"mailto:sdrucker@figleaf.com\">sdrucker@figleaf.com</a> and find out more about his company at <a href=\"http://www.figleaf.com/\">http://www.figleaf.com</a></p>","userWebsite":"http://figleaf.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3659],"slug":"steve-drucker-19824","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3659,"title":"Node JS 101","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"During this session you'll learn how integrate Node.JS into your application stack, using it to respond to html5 websocket requests, generating dynamic web pages, and accessing data in both SQL and NOSQL databases.\n","descriptionShort":"During this session you'll learn how integrate Node.JS into your application stack, using it to respond to html5 websocket requests, generating dynamic web pages, and accessing data in both SQL and NOSQL databases.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":44,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3974,"sessionId":3659,"attendeeId":19824,"attendees":{"id":19824,"userFirstName":"Steve","userLastName":"Drucker","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"President","company":"FIG LEAF SOFTWARE","userBioShort":"As Fig Leaf's President, Steve directs our education and training division. He also evaluates technologies for robustness and their applicability to Fig Leaf’s client base. Recognized as a web applications industry expert, Steve continues to make significant contributions to the Internet community","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"SmithWick"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":19830,"userLastName":"Halperin","userFirstName":"Nuri","company":"Plus N Consulting Inc.","principleJob":"Owner","twitterHandle":"nurih","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"nurih","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Nuri Halperin consults, develops software, and teaches with passion. He designs and builds systems, websites and business applications. He's been getting things done for a variety clients small and large. He authors courses for pluralsight.com. \n\nA frequent speaker at tech events, he enjoys interacting and helping people reach that \"Aha!\" moment. \n\nNuri is the inaugural recipient of MongoDB's William Zola Outstanding Contributor Award, and is a MongoDB Master.\n\nOwner of Plus N Consulting, Inc.\nAuthor at Pluralsight http://www.pluralsight.com/author/nuri-halperin\n","userWebsite":"http://plusnconsulting.com/page/nuri-s-public-talks/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2603],"slug":"nuri-halperin-19830","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2603,"title":"First steps with MongoDB","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"MongoDB is a very popular NoSQL database that is fast and scalable. This talk will get you familiar with this unique database and arm you with the essential skills to start using Mongo to power your software applications. We’ll talk about document oriented databases. You will see some of the core strengths (and challenges!) of using MongoDB to power your application. And, of course, some code to demo how all of this ties together!\nThis session is thin on power point. We'll try cover as much ground as time permits and get your familiar with the basic concepts that differentiate this technology from its competitors.\nLeave your SQL thinking behind and come see how things can be very different with MongoDB.\n","descriptionShort":"MongoDB is a very popular NoSQL database that is fast and scalable. This talk will arm you with the essential skills to start using Mongo. Leave your tabular thinking behind and come see how things can be very different with MongoDB.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":41,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2900,"sessionId":2603,"attendeeId":19830,"attendees":{"id":19830,"userFirstName":"Nuri","userLastName":"Halperin","twitterHandle":"nurih","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"nurih","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Owner","company":"Plus N Consulting Inc.","userBioShort":"Software Architect passionate about making software & teaching others.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5015"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":19831,"userLastName":"Gorbaty","userFirstName":"Sergey","company":"Salesforce","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"ser_gor","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Sergey is a Sr. Product Security Engineer at salesforce.com focusing on mobile, authentication and web security.  His background also includes working as a Software QA Engineer for over 4 years. At salesforce.com Sergey collaborates with other engineers on secure design and architecture of applications, services, API and mobile frameworks. Tennis and doing security research are Sergey's favorite past times.","userWebsite":"http://salesforce.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2558],"slug":"sergey-gorbaty-19831","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:63:presenterSessions:0"]},{"id":19855,"userLastName":"Venado","userFirstName":"Omar","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Program Manager","twitterHandle":"https://twitter.com/onenotedev","facebookId":"https://www.facebook.com/OneNote","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Omar is a senior program manager at Microsoft with experience in WCF, Workflow Foundation, Azure Distributed Cache, SharePoint and OneNote. He has a passion for distributed services, performance and APIs. ","userWebsite":"http://blogs.msdn.com/b/onenotedev/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2608],"slug":"omar-venado-19855","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2608,"title":"Apps Evolved with the OneNote API","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"OneNote is more than a note-taking app. It is the place for users to remember everything.  Learn how the next generation apps integrating with the OneNote API can become more personal, help users remember anything effortlessly, and enable them do more. ","descriptionShort":"OneNote is much more than a note-taking app. It is the place for users to remember everything.  Learn how the next generation apps integrating with the OneNote API can become more personal and enable them do more. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":22,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2905,"sessionId":2608,"attendeeId":19855,"attendees":{"id":19855,"userFirstName":"Omar","userLastName":"Venado","twitterHandle":"https://twitter.com/onenotedev","facebookId":"https://www.facebook.com/OneNote","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Program Manager","company":"Microsoft","userBioShort":"Omar is a senior program manager at Microsoft with experience in WCF, Workflow Foundation, Azure Distributed Cache, SharePoint and OneNote. He has a passion for distributed services, performance and APIs. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3401"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":19859,"userLastName":"Smith","userFirstName":"Will","company":"Tachyus","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"@TIHan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Will Smith is a Software Engineer currently working at Tachyus for the oil and gas industry. He has experience in multiple technologies across Microsoft and native stacks. His hobby is learning about game engines, and day to day work is F# on iOS using Xamarin.","userWebsite":"http://tihancode.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[2606],"slug":"will-smith-19859","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":2606,"title":"Porting Quake III to F#: A Journey to Functional Programming","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"FQuake3 is a project started by Will as an attempt to port id Software’s Quake III Arena to F# and to figure out how functional programming can be applied to game engines. The project is less than a year old, and has been worked on by Will in his free time. The talk will discuss Will’s journey to the founding of F# and why he started this project. The project structure, demos, code examples, and comparisons will be presented.","descriptionShort":"FQuake3 is a project started by Will as an attempt to port id Software’s Quake III Arena to F# and to figure out how functional programming can be applied to game engines.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":22,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":2903,"sessionId":2606,"attendeeId":19859,"attendees":{"id":19859,"userFirstName":"Will","userLastName":"Smith","twitterHandle":"@TIHan","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"Tachyus","userBioShort":"Will Smith is a Software Engineer who does day to day work in F# on iOS using Xamarin. He is also interested in game engines.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3401"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":19920,"userLastName":"Graebe","userFirstName":"Alexander","company":"SAP Labs","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"agraebe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"alexandergraebe","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"I'm Developer Evangelist at SAP Labs. I'm passionate about Open Source. I give presentations about OpenUI5, organize the Bay Area Open Source meetup and evangelize other SAP technologies at various events and conferences.","userWebsite":"sap.github.io","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3672],"slug":"alexander-graebe-19920","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3672,"title":"Open Source and Web Development Using OpenUI5","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"In this speaking session, I'll explain and examine Open Source practices and give practical examples from a web development point of view. I'll answer fundamental questions like \"What is Open Source?\" and \"How can we benefit from Open Source?\" as well as showcase how to develop web apps using SAP's open sourced web UI toolkit called \"OpenUI5\".\nJoin me to get an introduction on not only Open Source, but also on how to develop web apps that adopt to the device & browser you are using while embracing web development best practices. I'll also explain the interplay of the most used and combined web development languages HTML, CSS & JavaScript.\n\nGeneral knowledge about coding, especially web development is beneficial.","descriptionShort":"Most probably you heard about Open Source already! But, what does it actually mean to be open source? What are the benefits?\nIn this speaking session, I'll explain and examine Open Source practices while giving practical web development examples.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://openui5.org","lectureRoomsId":51,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3995,"sessionId":3672,"attendeeId":19920,"attendees":{"id":19920,"userFirstName":"Alexander","userLastName":"Graebe","twitterHandle":"agraebe","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"alexandergraebe","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"SAP Labs","userBioShort":"Passionated Developer Evangelist from SAP Labs. Love to connect to people and talk about Open Source initiatives.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4604"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":20951,"userLastName":"Inamov","userFirstName":"Bakh","company":"CHEF","principleJob":"Solutions Architect","twitterHandle":"bahman2000","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"binamov","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Bakh is a Solutions Architect at CHEF and he specializes in Delivery - CHEF's new tool for Continuous Integration and Collaboration. Bakh has been with the company since 2013. In this role, Bakh has helped dozens of organizations and hundreds of individuals begin their journey to automation and DevOps. From being a sysadmin to independent consultant to IT lead to product and operations manager - Bakh has worn many hats in his 14+ years in the industry and this gives him a sense of insight and empathy into the challenges and problems that teams face every day.","userWebsite":"www.chef.io","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3616],"slug":"bakh-inamov-20951","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3616,"title":"Automating Windows with Chef","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Let's talk about the state of Automation with Chef. Some of the topics we'll cover are ChefDK, using Chef in Azure, using Community Cookbooks, using PowerShell DSC (Desired State Configuration) to automate Windows with Chef.","descriptionShort":"Let's talk about the state of Automation with Chef.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3914,"sessionId":3616,"attendeeId":20951,"attendees":{"id":20951,"userFirstName":"Bakh","userLastName":"Inamov","twitterHandle":"bahman2000","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"binamov","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Solutions Architect","company":"CHEF","userBioShort":"Bakh is Solution Architect and he helps organizations begin their journey to automation and DevOps.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":20976,"userLastName":"Hodgson","userFirstName":"Pete","company":"ThoughtWorks","principleJob":"Lead Consultant","twitterHandle":"ph1","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"beingagile","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Pete is a Lead Consultant at ThoughtWorks. He helps teams get more awesome at delivering maintainable software at a sustainable pace, using agile practices like test-driven design, pairing and continuous delivery. After horrible experiences with javascript in the early 2000s Pete saw the light and fell in love with this quirky little language while leading a team building a pure-JavaScript single-page mobile banking application. He was also an early contributor to the Calatrava framework.","userWebsite":"blog.thepete.net","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3620],"slug":"pete-hodgson-20976","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3620,"title":"Functional Reactive JavaScript: Theory & Practice","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The re-emergence of functional programming coincides nicely with the JavaScript renaissance. But where does the UI fit in?\n\nIn this talk we'll cover the core concepts of Functional Reactive Programming while learning a practical application of them using Bacon.js. You'll learn how to build user interface components in a clear, declarative style by modeling both user interaction and back-end processing using one clean abstraction: streams of events.","descriptionShort":"An introduction to Functional Reactive Programming. We'll focus on building interactive JavaScript apps but also step back a couple of times to look at the general value of this approach to modeling computation. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3918,"sessionId":3620,"attendeeId":20976,"attendees":{"id":20976,"userFirstName":"Pete","userLastName":"Hodgson","twitterHandle":"ph1","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"beingagile","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Lead Consultant","company":"ThoughtWorks","userBioShort":"Pete is a Lead Consultant at ThoughtWorks. He helps teams get more awesome at delivering maintainable software at a sustainable pace, using agile practices like test-driven design, pairing and continuous delivery.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":20985,"userLastName":"Degges","userFirstName":"Randall","company":"Okta","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","twitterHandle":"rdegges","facebookId":"rdegges","linkedInId":"rdegges","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Randall Degges leads Developer Advocacy at Okta and is a prominent Pythonista.\n\nPrior to joining Okta, he founded and built OpenCNAM, the largest Caller ID API service in North America. He has been actively involved in Open Source for more than 10 years, and has built a variety of projects used by thousands of developers. He has also authored a book on Heroku, and frequently writes on his personal site.","userWebsite":"https://www.rdegges.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3623],"slug":"randall-degges-20985","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3623,"title":"Everything You Ever Wanted to Know about Node Authentication","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"<p>Authentication is one of the least understood areas in web development -- and there’s a lot to know: how cookies and sessions work, how to properly encrypt user sessions, how to safely log users in and out of a web application, which libraries to use, etc. </p>\n\n<p>In this talk, you will learn how to safely log users into web applications, secure REST APIs, the low-level details that make this possible, and which Node libraries you should be using (and where). </p>\n\n<p>He will cover: </p>\n\n<p>- How HTTP authentication works (form based and API based).\n  <br />- What are cookies, and how do they work?\n\n  <br />- How do sessions work?\n\n  <br />- What is the best way to store user state in Node applications?\n\n  <br />- What sort of encryption should be used to secure client-side cookies?\n\n  <br />- Where does SSL fit into the picture?\n\n  <br />- How does HTTP basic authentication work?\n\n  <br />- How can you keep your cache secure?\n\n  <br />- What libraries are useful?</p>","descriptionShort":"Want to build secure web applications with Node.js? This session will cover everything you've ever wanted to know about authentication with Node.js.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":35,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3921,"sessionId":3623,"attendeeId":20985,"attendees":{"id":20985,"userFirstName":"Randall","userLastName":"Degges","twitterHandle":"rdegges","facebookId":"rdegges","linkedInId":"rdegges","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Developer Evangelist","company":"Okta","userBioShort":"Randall Degges leads Developer Advocacy at Okta and is a prominent Pythonista.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8402"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21030,"userLastName":"Law","userFirstName":"Greg","company":"Undo Software","principleJob":"CEO","twitterHandle":"gregthelaw","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"gregthelaw","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Greg Law, co-founder and CEO of Undo Software http://undo-software.com/. Greg is a coder at heart, but likes to bridge the gap between the business and software worlds. He has over 15 years' experience in the software industry and has coded for companies including the pioneering British computer firm Acorn, and fast-growing start ups NexWave and Solarflare. Greg left Solarflare in 2012 to pursue Undo full-time. Greg holds a Ph.D in Computer Science from City University, London which was nominated for the 2001 British Computer Society Distinguished Dissertation Award. Greg lives in Cambridge, UK with his wife and two young children\n","userWebsite":"www.undo-software.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3639],"slug":"greg-law-21030","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3639,"title":"Real world reversible debugging for C/C++ developers on Linux","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$36","descriptionShort":"Through a series of demos Greg will give an in-depth look at the Undo technology and how it works. Greg will also detail how to record a program's execution and debug problems on-site at the customer. Q and A session at the end of the talk.","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/40437574","lectureRoomsId":6,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3937,"sessionId":3639,"attendeeId":21030,"attendees":{"id":21030,"userFirstName":"Greg","userLastName":"Law","twitterHandle":"gregthelaw","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"gregthelaw","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"CEO","company":"Undo Software","userBioShort":"Greg Law, co-founder and CEO of Undo Software http://undo-software.com/. Greg is a coder at heart, but likes to bridge the gap between the business and software worlds. He has over 15 years' experience in the software industry and has coded for companies including the pioneering British computer firm Acorn, and fast-growing start ups NexWave and Solarflare.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4201"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21033,"userLastName":"Desmond","userFirstName":"Ryan","company":"Concurrent Inc","principleJob":"Solutions Architect","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ryanadesmond","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Ryan Desmond, Solutions Architect as Concurrent Inc. has nearly a decade of experience as a senior software engineer. Beyond his own entrepreneurial exploits, he has helped several companies in San Francisco, Silicon Valley and New York scale to meet rising demand, radical growth and ever evolving challenges. As a Solutions Architect at Concurrent Ryan is right in the middle of the Big Data game. \n\nConcurrent is the leader in Big Data application infrastructure, delivering products that help enterprises create, deploy, run and manage data applications at scale. Concurrent is the team behind Cascading, the most widely deployed technology for data applications with more than 175,000 user downloads a month. Used by thousands of businesses including eBay, Etsy, The Climate Corp and Twitter, Cascading is the de facto standard in open source application infrastructure technology. ","userWebsite":"http://www.concurrentinc.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3627],"slug":"ryan-desmond-21033","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3627,"title":"Application Development on Hadoop using Cascading","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Cascading is the popular Java-based application development framework for building Big Data applications on Apache Hadoop. This open source framework allows you to leverage your existing Java and SQL skills to create reliable Big Data applications without having to think in MapReduce. This session will give an introduction to Cascading, how it works, and then dive straight into how developers can start building applications with Cascading!","descriptionShort":"Cascading is the popular Java-based application development framework for building Big Data applications on Apache Hadoop. This session will give an introduction to Cascading, how it works, and then dive straight in.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":30,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3925,"sessionId":3627,"attendeeId":21033,"attendees":{"id":21033,"userFirstName":"Ryan","userLastName":"Desmond","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"ryanadesmond","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Solutions Architect","company":"Concurrent Inc","userBioShort":"Ryan Desmond, Solutions Architect as Concurrent Inc. has nearly a decade of experience as a senior software engineer. Beyond his own entrepreneurial exploits, he has helped several companies in San Francisco, Silicon Valley and New York scale to meet rising demand, radical growth and ever evolving challenges. As a Solutions Architect at Concurrent Ryan is right in the middle of the Big Data game. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1401"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21045,"userLastName":"White","userFirstName":"Nicole","company":"Neo Technology","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Nicole grew up in Kansas City, Missouri and then spent four years at LSU in Baton Rouge, Louisiana where she got a degree in economics with a minor in mathematics. She then went to the University of Texas at Austin where she got her masters degree in analytics, and it was during this time that she found Neo4j and began playing around with it. When she's not graphing all the things, she spends her time playing card games and board games.","userWebsite":"www.neotechnology.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3628],"slug":"nicole-white-21045","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3628,"title":"Intro to Neo4j","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"This session is a high level introduction to graph databases. We'll start with an overview of Neo4j including why graphs matter, and then review the difference between relational and graph models. Nicole also demonstrates the power of graph databases like Neo4j to query connected data using the Cypher Query Language.","descriptionShort":"This session is a high level introduction to graph databases. We'll start with an overview of Neo4j including why graphs matter, and then review the difference between relational and graph models. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3926,"sessionId":3628,"attendeeId":21045,"attendees":{"id":21045,"userFirstName":"Nicole","userLastName":"White","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Neo Technology","userBioShort":"Nicole is data scientist at Neo Technology. She holds a masters in analytics from the University of Texas at Austin. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":4001,"sessionId":3628,"attendeeId":29179,"attendees":{"id":29179,"userFirstName":"Kevin","userLastName":"VanGrundy","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"Neo Technology","userBioShort":"Kevin is passionate about helping companies grow, adapt, and thrive. Prior to joining Neo Technology, Kevin spent time in various positions in banking and finance. When he isn't sharing getting graphy, Kevin can be most often found training or racing on his bike. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21098,"userLastName":"Yospe","userFirstName":"Nathan","company":"SAP Labs","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"nathan.yospe","linkedInId":"nathanfyospe","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Nathan Yospe has been a professional software developer since the early 90s. In that time, he has worked in a number of languages, from FORTRAN to Python, but the bulk of his work has been in C++, particularly in algorithms, concurrency, and libraries and infrastructure. He has written libraries for SDI balistic and orbital computation, a conforming implementation of the Unicode standard, load balanced thread dispatching, lock-free and lock-minimizing synchronization, NUMA aware allocation, contiguous memory layout with idiomatic C++ compatible interfaces, and more. Nathan currently works for SAP Labs, where his team is developing SAP's next generation of highly distributed databases.","userWebsite":"http://-no-current-page-","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3636],"slug":"nathan-yospe-21098","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3636,"title":"MTUT: A C++ Framework for Cross-Thread Unit Testing","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"It is often useful to model concurrent interactions for a single class or construct that supports concurrent or reentrant access as a multi-threaded sequence diagram. It would be very useful to be able to express the same sequential representation in a unit test, with the operations in different threads defined in the same flow.\n\nI present a framework for doing this. It ships lambda expressions to any number of locally initialized threads, synchronizing, or optionally randomizing, the start times of each thread's block of code, and providing mechanisms to check in an assertion (for example) whether two or more threads are deadlocked or livelocked, whether a point of execution was reached while it was expected to be protected, and other such violations of concurrency expectations. Mechanisms are also provided for looping and timing.","descriptionShort":"I present a C++ framework for modeling interactions between threads in a single thread's sequence, as an extension to existing C++ unit test frameworks, such as boost.Test or googletest.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":10,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3934,"sessionId":3636,"attendeeId":21098,"attendees":{"id":21098,"userFirstName":"Nathan","userLastName":"Yospe","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"nathan.yospe","linkedInId":"nathanfyospe","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Senior Software Engineer","company":"SAP Labs","userBioShort":"Nathan Yospe is a professional developer with a primary focus on algorithms, libraries, and infrastructure, predominantly in C++. He works for SAP Labs, and his team is currently developing a highly distributed database.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5502"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21117,"userLastName":"Kruszka","userFirstName":"Ken","company":"Boom Financial","principleJob":"EVP Product & Service Delivery","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"kruszka","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"$37","userWebsite":"http://useboom.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3642],"slug":"ken-kruszka-21117","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3642,"title":"We Don't Need No Stinkin' Product Manager!","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"But, then again, maybe we do.  In this age of Lean Startup and the philosophy that, in a startup the CEO is the Product Manager, most detailed product decisions end up being made by developers.  But, are these the right people to be making those choices.  As is often the case in tech and in life, the answer is a resounding \"It Depends!\"\n\nIn this talk, we'll explore a number of real-life situations that show the good, the bad, and the ugly of working with and without Product Managers.","descriptionShort":"In this talk, we'll explore a number of real-life situations that show the good, the bad, and the ugly of how Engineers deliver with and without Product Managers.  (Hint: PMs aren't always right.)","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://kruszka.com/external_refs/2014_svcc/SVCC_2014-10-12_Kruszka.pptx","lectureRoomsId":12,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3940,"sessionId":3642,"attendeeId":21117,"attendees":{"id":21117,"userFirstName":"Ken","userLastName":"Kruszka","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"kruszka","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"EVP Product & Service Delivery","company":"Boom Financial","userBioShort":"As EVP of Product and Service Delivery, Ken drives Boom's strategic product vision and roadmap, as well as their realization through the creation of industry-leading mobile financial products and services. In his role, Ken leads the product management, product development, service delivery, and information technology organizations.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4220"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21118,"userLastName":"Salva","userFirstName":"Ryan","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Principal Program Manager Lead","twitterHandle":"@ryanjsalva","facebookId":"ryanjsalva","linkedInId":"ryanjsalva","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Ryan is a Principal Program Manager on the Visual Studio Client Tools team at Microsoft where he looks after HTML, CSS and JavaScript development. Today, he focuses primarily on mobile app development using web technologies and Apache Cordova. However, he comes from a 14 year career in web standards development & advocacy as an entrepreneur, developer and graphic designer. ","userWebsite":"http://www.microsoft.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3630],"slug":"ryan-salva-21118","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:48:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":21124,"userLastName":"Tien","userFirstName":"Simon","company":"Microsoft Corp.","principleJob":"MVP Community Program Manager","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"7-years of computer programming, design, and development - Lawrence Livermore National Lab, Beckman Instrument, CIC\n 7-years with IBM - Technical Evangelist, Executive Briefing Center Session Manager, Sales Consultant\n 13+years with Microsoft - Technical Account Manager, Hardware Program Manager, Program Manager for Partners (OEM and System Builder), New Hire Advisor with Readiness Academy and Welcome Experience, and currently working with Microsoft MVP (Most Valuable Professionals) as Community Program Manager\n (and lots of experiences in invention, projects, business start-ups, and consulting)","userWebsite":"http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/kodu/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3645],"slug":"simon-tien-21124","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3645,"title":"Kodu with Kids!","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Microsoft Research's Kodu is a new visual programming language made specifically for creating games. It is designed to be accessible for children and enjoyable for anyone!\n\nKids will love learning computer programming and concepts at the same time with FUN and doing it hands-on visually!","descriptionShort":"Microsoft Research's Kodu is a new visual programming language made specifically for creating games. It is designed to be accessible for children and enjoyable for anyone!\n\nKids will love learning computer programming and concepts visually!","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/kodu/","lectureRoomsId":50,"sessionTimesId":64,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3946,"sessionId":3645,"attendeeId":21124,"attendees":{"id":21124,"userFirstName":"Simon","userLastName":"Tien","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"MVP Community Program Manager","company":"Microsoft Corp.","userBioShort":"7-years of computer programming, design, & development - Lawrence Livermore National Lab, Beckman Instrument, CIC\n 7-years with IBM - Technical Evangelist, Executive Briefing Center Session Manager, Sales Consultant\n 13+years with Microsoft - Technical Account Manager, Hardware Program Manager, Program Manager for Partners (OEM and System Builder), New Hire Advisor with Readiness Academy and Welcome Experience, & currently working with Microsoft MVP (Most Valuable Professionals) as Community PM","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"PSEC4603"},"sessionTime":{"id":64,"startTime":"2014-10-12T21:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"2:45 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21132,"userLastName":"Lee","userFirstName":"Esther","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Community Program Manager","twitterHandle":"@MsEstherL","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"msestherl","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Esther is a Community Program Manager for the Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) Award Program where she focuses on the developer community.  Her passion for growing the technical capabilities of communities has led her to work in west Africa, SE and NE Asia, and the US.  When not building community or watching out for MVPs, she can be found chasing her two young kids.  Esther holds a MCP from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and a BA from Dartmouth College.","userWebsite":"http://mvp.microsoft.com/en-us/default.aspx","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3648],"slug":"esther-lee-21132","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":21146,"userLastName":"Finn","userFirstName":"Kari","company":"Microsoft","principleJob":"Community Program Manager, MVP Award Program","twitterHandle":"@mvpmentor","facebookId":"mvpmentor","linkedInId":"karifinn","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Kari is a Community Program Manager for the Microsoft Most Valuable professional (MVP) Award Program where she manages the relationship of consumer focused MVPs in the US.  She is also the program lead for the MVP Mentor Program, whose mission it is to foster the next generation of technologists to be leaders in their fields and communities.  Kari is very passionate about supporting young people to achieve their dreams of being leading technologists by matching them to MVP Mentors to guide them.  When not supporting the MVP community, Kari can be found perfecting the art of food fermentation and preservation.  She holds a Bachelors degree in Business Administration from the University of Washington and lives in Seattle, WA.  ","userWebsite":"http://mvp.microsoft.com/en-us/MVP-mentor.aspx","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3648],"slug":"kari-finn-21146","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:14:presenterSessions:1"]},{"id":21151,"userLastName":"Davis","userFirstName":"Cornelia","company":"Pivotal","principleJob":"Director, Platform Engineering","twitterHandle":"cdavisafc","facebookId":"cornelia.davis","linkedInId":"cornelia-davis/0/893/323","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"A self-proclaimed propeller head, Cornelia Davis is Director of Platform Engineering in the Cloud Foundry team at Pivotal, where she helps customers and partners develop and execute on their cloud platform strategies. Fundamentally responsible for making developers successful with the Cloud Foundry PaaS, you can generally find her knee deep in the (OSS) code base, writing apps and deploying them onto the PaaS, teaching at a whiteboard, presenting at conferences and passionately driving new features into the product. \n\nWhen not doing those things you can find her on the yoga mat or in the kitchen.","userWebsite":"www.corneliadavis.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3650,3652],"slug":"cornelia-davis-21151","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3652,"title":"The Self-healing, Elastic Runtime that is Cloud Foundry","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"You might have heard that software is eating the world; in every industry enterprises are being challenged to bring software to their consumers faster, more frequently and with insanely great user experiences. Cloud Foundry, the leading (open source) Platform as a Service (PaaS), is designed to remove friction from the traditional application lifecycle, from dev all the way through production. At the core it exposes application and services “dial tone”, rather than infrastructure “dial tone”, scoping a broad set of capabilities such as autoscaling, dynamic routing, logging, monitoring, health management, and more, around the application. Light on slides and heavy on demo, in this session we’ll share what motivates the direction of the project, and show you how easy it is to write applications for and deploy them into this cloud runtime.","descriptionShort":"Introduction to the open source Cloud Foundry PaaS with demos, demos and more demos. Watch us deploy, scale and auto-recover crashed app instances. Learn about the operational benefits of PaaS.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":8,"sessionTimesId":61,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3959,"sessionId":3652,"attendeeId":21151,"attendees":{"id":21151,"userFirstName":"Cornelia","userLastName":"Davis","twitterHandle":"cdavisafc","facebookId":"cornelia.davis","linkedInId":"cornelia-davis/0/893/323","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Director, Platform Engineering","company":"Pivotal","userBioShort":"Software geek passionate about distributed systems, functional programming, developer experience, Devops and above all, Cloud Foundry. Natural-food foodie. Yoga practicer.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4302"},"sessionTime":{"id":61,"startTime":"2014-10-12T16:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:15 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}},{"id":3650,"title":"Running Your Spring Apps in the Cloud","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"The Spring Trader application was debuted at Spring One in 2012 and presented an application that demonstrates a multitude of vFabric components working together – tcServer, RabbitMQ, SQLFire and Gemfire. In this session we will take that application and make (a few) modifications (mostly to config) to get it running on the same components in the cloud, specifically on the Cloud Foundry PaaS.  We’ll show you how to use the Spring Cloud project to configure the deployment, how to leverage a cloud services catalog, how to implement a cross-site scripting solution (and why), how to do session state caching and we’ll discuss (the dangers of) auto reconfiguration. If you bring a laptop you can have your own instance of the app running by end of session.","descriptionShort":"Get your Spring applications running in the cloud, specifically in Cloud Foundry. Learn how containers (yep, like Docker) are used in a PaaS, how to abstract app to services bindings, and about cross-site scripting and session state caching.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":8,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3957,"sessionId":3650,"attendeeId":21151,"attendees":{"id":21151,"userFirstName":"Cornelia","userLastName":"Davis","twitterHandle":"cdavisafc","facebookId":"cornelia.davis","linkedInId":"cornelia-davis/0/893/323","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Director, Platform Engineering","company":"Pivotal","userBioShort":"Software geek passionate about distributed systems, functional programming, developer experience, Devops and above all, Cloud Foundry. Natural-food foodie. Yoga practicer.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"4302"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21162,"userLastName":"Donn","userFirstName":"Alex","company":"ATT","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"Alex_Donn","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"alexanderdonn","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"<p>Hi! My name is Alex Donn and I am part of the AT&amp;T Developer Program based out of Redmond, Washington. The AT&amp;T Hackathon Program was started as a way to help educate about mobile application creation and create events where people network with other like-minded individuals interested in building mobile apps. Please check out the AT&amp;T <a href=\"http://developer.att.com/\">Developer Program page</a> and I hope to see you at the next event!</p>","userWebsite":"http://developer.att.com/hackathons/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3653],"slug":"alex-donn-21162","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3653,"title":"How to Win a Hackathon","approved":true,"allowHtml":true,"description":"<p>I've organized hundreds of hackathons. I can tell you with absolute certainty that most contestants follow a methodology that has 0% chance of winning a hackathon. In this session I'll teach you what I've learned about hackathon winners and also how you can use your hackathon skill to succeed in other endeavors. </p>","descriptionShort":"<p>I've organized hundreds of hackathons. I can tell you with absolute certainty that most contestants follow a methodology that has 0% chance of winning a hackathon. In this session I'll teach you what I've learned about hackathon winners and also how you can use your hackathon skill to succeed in other endeavors. </p>","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":18,"sessionTimesId":63,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3961,"sessionId":3653,"attendeeId":21162,"attendees":{"id":21162,"userFirstName":"Alex","userLastName":"Donn","twitterHandle":"Alex_Donn","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"alexanderdonn","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"ATT","userBioShort":"<p>Hi! My name is Alex Donn and I am part of the AT&amp;T Developer Program based out of Redmond, Washington. The AT&amp;T Hackathon Program was started as a way to help educate about mobile application creation and create events where people network with other like-minded individuals interested in building mobile apps. Please check out the AT&amp;T <a href=\"http://developer.att.com/\">Developer Program page</a> and I hope to see you at the next event!</p>","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"1501"},"sessionTime":{"id":63,"startTime":"2014-10-12T20:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"1:15 PM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21283,"userLastName":"Anderson","userFirstName":"Jeff","company":"Foothill College","principleJob":"Assistant Professor of Mathematics","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Jeff Anderson is an Assistant Professor of Mathematics at Foothill College. He earned his PhD in Numerical Linear Algebra from UC Davis studying algorithms to decrease the dimensions of large-scale computational problems without sacrificing accuracy. Jeff works primarily with MATLAB to implement his mathematical algorithms. ","userWebsite":"http://www.foothill.edu/psme/directory.php?s=1&rec_id=1910","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3655],"slug":"jeff-anderson-21283","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3655,"title":"Introduction to Google's PageRank Algorithm","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Each time we use Google, we ask Google's search engine to produce a list of websites closely matching information relevant to our search. This talk is an introduction to Google's search methods with a focus on the mathematical background of the PageRank algorithm. It is recommended that audience members have finished courses in Calculus, Linear Algebra and Numerical Analysis.","descriptionShort":"This talk is an introduction to Google's search methods with a focus on the mathematical background of the PageRank algorithm.\n","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":14,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3965,"sessionId":3655,"attendeeId":21283,"attendees":{"id":21283,"userFirstName":"Jeff","userLastName":"Anderson","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Assistant Professor of Mathematics","company":"Foothill College","userBioShort":"Jeff Anderson is an Assistant Professor of Mathematics at Foothill College. He earned his PhD in Numerical Linear Algebra from UC Davis studying algorithms to decrease the dimensions of large-scale computational problems without sacrificing accuracy. Jeff works primarily with MATLAB to implement his mathematical algorithms. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"5501"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21404,"userLastName":"Morales","userFirstName":"Nicolas","company":"IBM","principleJob":"Solutions Engineer","twitterHandle":"NicolasJMorales","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"nicolasjmorales","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Nicolas Morales is a Solutions Engineer at IBM’s Silicon Valley Lab in San Jose, California, where he focuses is on developing and delivering technical assets for the IBM's Big Data Hadoop platform. He also serves as a Technical Evangelist and leads numerous developer outreach efforts. Nicolas joined IBM in 2000 and has held several positions, including Software Engineer, Application Developer, Program Manager, and Project Manager. He holds a M.S. in Software Engineering and a B.S. in Business and Management Information Systems from San Jose State University.","userWebsite":"twitter.com/NicolasJMorales","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3660],"slug":"nicolas-morales-21404","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3660,"title":"Getting started with Hadoop on the Cloud","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Hadoop and Cloud is an almost perfect marriage.   Hadoop is a distributed computing framework that leverages a cluster built on commodity hardware.   The Cloud simplifies provisioning of machines and software.   Getting started with Hadoop on the Cloud makes it simple to provision your environment quickly and actually get started using Hadoop.    IBM Bluemix has democratized Hadoop for the masses!   This session will provide a brief introduction to what Hadoop is, how does cloud work and will then focus on how to get started via a series of demos.   We will conclude with a discussion around the tutorials and public datasets - all of the tools needed to get you started quickly.","descriptionShort":"This session will provide a brief introduction to what Hadoop is, how does cloud work and will then focus on how to get started via a series of demos. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://goo.gl/wqWm1H","lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":57,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3973,"sessionId":3660,"attendeeId":21404,"attendees":{"id":21404,"userFirstName":"Nicolas","userLastName":"Morales","twitterHandle":"NicolasJMorales","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"nicolasjmorales","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Solutions Engineer","company":"IBM","userBioShort":"Nicolas Morales is a Solutions Engineer at IBM’s Silicon Valley Lab in San Jose, California, where he focuses is on developing and delivering technical assets for the IBM's Big Data Hadoop platform. He also serves as a Technical Evangelist and leads numerous developer outreach efforts. Nicolas joined IBM in 2000 and has held several positions, including Software Engineer, Application Developer, Program Manager, and Project Manager. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":57,"startTime":"2014-10-11T18:15:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"11:15 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21405,"userLastName":"Ranjan","userFirstName":"Rakesh","company":"IBM","principleJob":"Software Engineer","twitterHandle":"@ranjans","facebookId":"forrakesh","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/ranjanr/","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Rakesh Ranjan is a Program Director and Architect of Cloud Data Services at IBM Silicon Valley Lab in California. He has designed and developed several data and analytics services in Bluemix that powers next gen cognitive applications. He also teaches a graduate level software engineering program at local San Jose State University.  ","userWebsite":"http://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/us/en/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3661],"slug":"rakesh-ranjan-21405","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3661,"title":"Rapid Application Development Using Data Services in Bluemix ","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$38","descriptionShort":"Come, learn to develop enterprise grade application quickly and easily using node-red and IoT technology in IBM Bluemix. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"http://www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/40436389","lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":59,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3976,"sessionId":3661,"attendeeId":21405,"attendees":{"id":21405,"userFirstName":"Rakesh","userLastName":"Ranjan","twitterHandle":"@ranjans","facebookId":"forrakesh","linkedInId":"www.linkedin.com/in/ranjanr/","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Software Engineer","company":"IBM","userBioShort":" Rakesh Ranjan is a Program Director and Architect of Cloud Data Services at IBM Cloud.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}},{"id":3977,"sessionId":3661,"attendeeId":21406,"attendees":{"id":21406,"userFirstName":"Steven","userLastName":"Chamberlin","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-chamberlin-336a612","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Service Reliability Engineer","company":"IBM","userBioShort":"Steven Chamberlin is a service reliability engineer for the cloud data services team at IBM.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":59,"startTime":"2014-10-11T22:30:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"3:30 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21406,"userLastName":"Chamberlin","userFirstName":"Steven","company":"IBM","principleJob":"Service Reliability Engineer","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"https://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-chamberlin-336a612","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Steven Chamberlin is a service reliability engineer for the cloud data services team at IBM, which provides resources for developers to\nget, build, and analyze data using BlueMix, IBM's Platform as a Service.  Prior to that he was a developer for an internal tooling/infrastructure team.  He has been with IBM for 13 years and has also held a variety of roles in quality, including system test, integration test and automation. ","userWebsite":"http://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/us/en/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3661],"slug":"steven-chamberlin-21406","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:179:presenterSessions:0"]},{"id":21408,"userLastName":"Sri","userFirstName":"Lak","company":"IBM","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":false,"userBio":"Lak Sri has a master's degree in information technology and works as Senior Engineer and Cloud Lead in Ecosystem Development, helping business partners and nonprofit organizations adapt to cloud computing. His development experience in high-performance algorithms, enterprise integration, and mobile applications has helped him serve as a trusted advisor and solution architect for large IBM accounts. He has presented and demonstrated innovative solutions at events such as Pulse for several years. ","userWebsite":"http://www.ibm.com/cloud-computing/us/en/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3662],"slug":"lak-sri-21408","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3662,"title":"The Internet of Things (IoT) enable proactive data access from any device","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"$39","descriptionShort":"The Internet of Things represents an evolution in which objects are capable of interacting with other objects. ","sessionsMaterialUrl":"https://dl.dropbox.com/s/oj7a2yt6p1y07id/codecampIOT.pdf?dl=0","lectureRoomsId":36,"sessionTimesId":56,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3979,"sessionId":3662,"attendeeId":21408,"attendees":{"id":21408,"userFirstName":"Lak","userLastName":"Sri","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"IBM","userBioShort":"Lak Sri has a master's degree in information technology and works as Senior Engineer and Cloud Lead in Ecosystem Development, helping business partners and nonprofit organizations adapt to cloud computing. His development experience in high-performance algorithms, enterprise integration, and mobile applications has helped him serve as a trusted advisor and solution architect for large IBM accounts. He has presented and demonstrated innovative solutions at events such as Pulse for several years. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8403"},"sessionTime":{"id":56,"startTime":"2014-10-11T16:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"9:45 AM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":21436,"userLastName":"Siemer","userFirstName":"Andrew","company":"Clear Measure","principleJob":"Principle Architect","twitterHandle":"asiemer","facebookId":"AndrewSiemer","linkedInId":"AndrewSiemer","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Andrew has been building software for over 20 years honing his skills to build large scale easy to manage systems.  A member of the ASP Insiders group and publisher of 3 programming books, Andy has been providing direction to the software development community his entire career.  Andy focuses on building effective teams that are capable of meeting a customer’s needs with appropriately sized applications that are easy to manage and delivered on time.  Outside of work, Andy is writing two non-software related books, building up his sustainable farm, home schooling his six kids, and helping to manage various three gun events.","userWebsite":"http://www.siemerforhire.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3667],"slug":"andrew-siemer-21436","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3667,"title":"Test driving Azure Search and DocumentDB","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Andrew will cover the basics of setting up Microsoft Azure Search and DocumentDB in your Azure environment.  He will show how to generate and load data into both.  From there Andrew will walk you through an example car shopping web site that demonstrates a search first navigation experience backed by a NOSQL data store.  By the end of this talk you will walk away with a fair understanding of how to set up and configure Azure Search and DocumentDB for your applications.  You will also learn how to use faceted searches to deliver the best search results for your users.  And you will learn how to include a NOSQL implementation into your application as well as when to choose it over a relational database.","descriptionShort":"Covers setting up Azure Search and DocumentDB; generation of data into a site with a search first experience backed by NOSQL; CRUD operations in Search and DocumentDB; when to choose NOSQL over relational; faceted searches in Azure Search.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":26,"sessionTimesId":62,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3986,"sessionId":3667,"attendeeId":21436,"attendees":{"id":21436,"userFirstName":"Andrew","userLastName":"Siemer","twitterHandle":"asiemer","facebookId":"AndrewSiemer","linkedInId":"AndrewSiemer","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"Principle Architect","company":"Clear Measure","userBioShort":"Andrew has been building software for over 20, building large scale easy to manage systems.  Member of the ASP Insiders. Publisher of 3 programming books.  Outside of work, Andy is writing two non-software related books, building up his sustainable farm, home schooling his six kids, and helping to manage various three gun events.","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"3106"},"sessionTime":{"id":62,"startTime":"2014-10-12T17:45:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"10:45 AM Sunday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":28103,"userLastName":"Bachu","userFirstName":"Om","company":"IBM","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"@ombachu","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Om Bachu has a Masters in Computer Engineering from CEDTI and has worked for over a 15 years as Sr. Enterprise SW Architect, specializing in business integration middleware on n-tier based systems. Most of the experience has been in providing high value solutions, finding/fulfilling business opportunities, in enterprise wide IaaS, PaaS, SaaS of various enterprise patterns, workload architectures for CAMSS & Middleware. Also, Om has provided solutions in Software Defined Environments (storage, networks, compute, etc), virtualization on the System-x and p, endpoint management, and data center HA/DR preparedness.  He has been a speaker at various conferences: viz., RSA, IMPACT, WSTC, WTC, Meetups,etc. and over the last couple of years has been working as Sr.Technical Sales Specialist at IBM SWG Sales & Distribution in \"Mobile | Cloud | Middleware\"","userWebsite":"ibm.com","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3663],"slug":"om-bachu-28103","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":[{"id":3663,"title":"Enterprise ready Mobile app consuming DBaaS offered by Bluemix","approved":true,"allowHtml":false,"description":"Want the power of IBM's database and mobile platform but don't want to install, configure and manage it? Then you need to learn about managed data services in Bluemix. We will show how IBM Bluemix, an open-standards, cloud-based developer platform for building, deploying and managing apps can be leveraged for rapid application development on the cloud built on top of enterprise-level data services, Mobile Platform and Java Runtime. We will discuss and demo Bluemix services, Database and Mobile App. Database is DBaaS and powered by Cloudant, it provides a managed database service to handle demanding web and database workloads. Join us to get hands on and learn how to use DBaaS as noSQL in the cloud. You will also learn to pump-in NOSQL document datasets into Mobile App. ","descriptionShort":"Want the power of IBM's database and mobile platform but don't want to install, configure and manage it? Then you need to learn about managed data services in Bluemix. We will show how IBM Bluemix, an open-standards, cloud-based developer platform for building, deploying and managing apps can be leveraged for rapid application development on the cloud built on top of enterprise-level data services, Mobile Platform and Java Runtime.","sessionsMaterialUrl":null,"lectureRoomsId":34,"sessionTimesId":60,"codeCampYearId":9,"sessionPresenter":[{"id":3997,"sessionId":3663,"attendeeId":28103,"attendees":{"id":28103,"userFirstName":"Om","userLastName":"Bachu","twitterHandle":"@ombachu","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","principleJob":"","company":"IBM","userBioShort":"Om Bachu has a Masters in Computer Engineering from CEDTI and has worked for over a 15 years as Sr. Enterprise SW Architect, specializing in business integration middleware on n-tier based systems. ","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"hasImage":true}}],"lectureRoom":{"number":"8401"},"sessionTime":{"id":60,"startTime":"2014-10-12T00:00:00.000Z","startTimeFriendly":"5:00 PM Saturday","codeCampYearId":9}}]},{"id":29179,"userLastName":"VanGrundy","userFirstName":"Kevin","company":"Neo Technology","principleJob":"","twitterHandle":"","facebookId":"","linkedInId":"","blueskyHandle":"","allowHtml":"","userBio":"Kevin is passionate about helping companies grow, adapt, and thrive. Prior to joining Neo Technology, Kevin spent time in various positions in banking and finance. When he isn't sharing getting graphy, Kevin can be most often found training or racing on his bike. ","userWebsite":"http://www.neotechnology.com/","attendeesAmazonBook":[],"sessionsList":[3628],"slug":"kevin-vangrundy-29179","hasImage":true,"presenterSessions":["$0:data:0:rsc:props:children:0:1:props:children:props:children:props:speakers:168:presenterSessions:0"]}],"year":"2014"}]}]}]],null,"$L3a"]}],"isPartial":"$@3b","staleTime":"$3c","varyParams":null},{"rsc":"$L3d","isPartial":"$@3e","staleTime":"$3c","varyParams":null},{"rsc":"$L3f","isPartial":"$@40","staleTime":"$3c","varyParams":"$41"},{"rsc":"$L42","isPartial":"$@43","staleTime":"$3c","varyParams":"$41"},{"rsc":"$L44","isPartial":"$@45","staleTime":"$3c","varyParams":null},{"rsc":"$L46","isPartial":"$@47","staleTime":"$3c","varyParams":null}],"isUpgradeableISRFallback":false,"a":"$@48","rootVaryParams":null,"needsRuntimeRequest":"$@49"}
4a:I[484,[],"OutletBoundary"]
4b:"$Sreact.suspense"
4d:I[484,[],"ViewportBoundary"]
4e:I[484,[],"MetadataBoundary"]
4f:I[6869,[],"IconMark"]
50:I[7121,[],""]
51:I[4581,[],""]
52:I[9539,["500","static/chunks/500-b13bb91f5a6311b6.js","652","static/chunks/app/(public-site)/layout-4eddced59a26934b.js"],"default"]
53:I[3066,["500","static/chunks/500-b13bb91f5a6311b6.js","652","static/chunks/app/(public-site)/layout-4eddced59a26934b.js"],"default"]
54:I[8500,["500","static/chunks/500-b13bb91f5a6311b6.js","251","static/chunks/app/(public-site)/page-bcd680af705b515d.js"],""]
55:I[2593,["177","static/chunks/app/layout-c2b705df931cb253.js"],""]
:HL["/svcc-site/_next/static/css/22702ba8e2465d1d.css","style"]
:HL["/svcc-site/_next/static/css/a895210d425bdcb1.css","style"]
:HL["/svcc-site/_next/static/css/565f4925fe90494c.css","style"]
3a:["$","$L4a",null,{"children":["$","$4b",null,{"name":"Next.MetadataOutlet","children":"$@4c"}]}]
3d:["$","$1","h",{"children":[null,["$","$L4d",null,{"children":[["$","meta","0",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1"}]]}],["$","div",null,{"hidden":true,"children":["$","$L4e",null,{"children":["$","$4b",null,{"name":"Next.Metadata","children":[["$","title","0",{"children":"Silicon Valley Code Camp"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"description","content":"Silicon Valley Code Camp are community events where developers learn from fellow developers. Both virtual and live sessions."}],["$","meta","2",{"property":"og:title","content":"Silicon Valley Code Camp are community events where developers learn from fellow developers."}],["$","meta","3",{"property":"og:description","content":"Silicon Valley Code Camp are community events where developers learn from fellow developers. Both virtual and live sessions."}],["$","meta","4",{"property":"og:image","content":"https://www.siliconvalley-codecamp.com/images/svccf.png"}],["$","meta","5",{"property":"og:type","content":"article"}],["$","meta","6",{"name":"twitter:card","content":"summary_large_image"}],["$","meta","7",{"name":"twitter:title","content":"Silicon Valley Code Camp are community events where developers learn from fellow developers."}],["$","meta","8",{"name":"twitter:description","content":"Silicon Valley Code Camp are community events where developers learn from fellow developers. Both virtual and live sessions."}],["$","meta","9",{"name":"twitter:image","content":"https://www.siliconvalley-codecamp.com/images/svccf.png"}],["$","link","10",{"rel":"icon","href":"/svcc-site/favicon.ico"}],["$","$L4f","11",{}]]}]}]}],null]}]
3f:["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L50",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","template":["$","$L51",null,{}]}]]}]
42:["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L50",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","template":["$","$L51",null,{}]}]]}]
44:["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/svcc-site/_next/static/css/22702ba8e2465d1d.css","precedence":"next"}],["$","link","1",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/svcc-site/_next/static/css/a895210d425bdcb1.css","precedence":"next"}]],["$","div",null,{"className":"rd","children":[["$","$L52",null,{"year":"campfire-1003","validYears":["campfire-1003","campfire-1002","campfire-1001","2019","2018","2017","2016","2015","2014","2013","2012","2011","2010","2009","2008","2007","2006"]}],["$","main",null,{"children":["$","$L50",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","template":["$","$L51",null,{}]}]}],["$","$L53",null,{}]]}]]}]
46:["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/svcc-site/_next/static/css/565f4925fe90494c.css","precedence":"next"}]],["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","children":["$","body",null,{"children":[["$","div",null,{"style":{"overflowX":"clip"},"children":["$","$L50",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","template":["$","$L51",null,{}],"notFound":[["$","div",null,{"className":"rd","children":[["$","$L52",null,{"year":"campfire-1003","validYears":["campfire-1003","campfire-1002","campfire-1001","2019","2018","2017","2016","2015","2014","2013","2012","2011","2010","2009","2008","2007","2006"]}],["$","main",null,{"children":["$","section",null,{"className":"rd-band rd-band--y rd-dots rd-pagehead","children":[["$","i",null,{"className":"rd-deco rd-deco--a","aria-hidden":"true"}],["$","i",null,{"className":"rd-deco rd-deco--b","aria-hidden":"true"}],["$","div",null,{"className":"rd-wrap","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"rd-chip rd-chip--paper","children":"404"}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"rd-h1","children":"Page not found"}],["$","p",null,{"className":"rd-sub","children":"This is an archived, read-only copy of the Silicon Valley Code Camp site. The page you asked for doesn't exist here, or the link may be out of date."}],["$","p",null,{"style":{"marginTop":28},"children":["$","$L54",null,{"className":"rd-btn rd-btn--b","href":"/","children":"Go to the home page"}]}]]}]]}]}],["$","$L53",null,{}],["$","script",null,{"src":"/svcc-site/404-recover.js"}]]}],[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/svcc-site/_next/static/css/22702ba8e2465d1d.css","precedence":"next"}],["$","link","1",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/svcc-site/_next/static/css/a895210d425bdcb1.css","precedence":"next"}]]]}]}],[["$","$L55",null,{"strategy":"afterInteractive","src":"https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=G-WW0GQXPPWK"}],["$","$L55",null,{"id":"gtag-init","strategy":"afterInteractive","dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"\nwindow.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];\nfunction gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}\ngtag('js', new Date());\ngtag('config', 'G-WW0GQXPPWK');\n"}}]]]}]}]]}]
4c:null
49:true
3c:300
3c:C
48:0
3e:"$undefined"
40:"$undefined"
43:"$undefined"
45:"$undefined"
47:"$undefined"
3b:"$undefined"
